What is your first name?
What's your last name?
This is your adoptive mother. What's her name?
This is your girlfriend. What's her name?
Testing
Beep beep
This is Shauna your best friend. Do you want her to be a female or do you want her to be transgender?
*ALARM BEGINS TO RING*
Oh man I don't want to get up yet. I stayed up too late playing video games with Shauna.
Oh man I don't want to get up yet. I stayed up too late playing video games with Shawn.
I don't have a choice though. I don't want to leave [g1] at the gym alone.
I have around 28 minutes to get ready. I told her I'd be there at 6am. That's enough for a quick shower.
This is the last time I'll be getting out of this bed. Tomorrow night I'll be in a dorm room.
I should be grateful for this moment but all I can think about is how I want to go back to sleep. I have to get up before I give in to temptation.
I usually like to be able to take my time getting ready. Not able to do that today though. Just a quick shower and I'm out the door.
There's a lot I have to do today. I have gym with [g1], then I'm meant to meet Damien, my new teammate. I want to have time to do something with [am]. Then we leave at 10pm sharp.
Speaking of [am] I should wake her up before I leave. For some reason they're making her work on a Sunday.
I need to focus on getting ready. If I'm late [g1] will kick my ass.
A few minutes later.
Okay, that was quick enough. Time to brush my teeth and get dressed.
One teeth cleaning and clothes change later.
All right, I'm good to go. Just have to wake up [am] and I'll be on my way.
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK
Are you in there [mcf]?
Yeah, I'm almost done. Just hold on one second.
Hey mom, you're already up?
Hey honey, yeah.. I couldn't really sleep last night. What are you doing up so early?
I have to meet [g1] at the gym. I told her I'd be there at 6am.
Why couldn't you sleep? Is it about me leaving today?
Yeah.. I knew it was coming but it still feels like it came out of nowhere. I'm just going to miss you.
I'm going to miss you too. It won't be that long though. Just three weeks until you move there with me.
That's three weeks though. We've never spent a night away from each other since you moved in with me.
I know. Tonight is going to be tough. How long do you have to work today?
Just until two. Why? Were you wanting to do something?
Of course. I want to spend as much of today as I can with you.
I was hoping you'd say that. What do you want to do?
I'm not entirely sure yet. How about we figure that out when I pick you up?
Sounds like a plan. Today is going to go by so slow until 2pm.
I hope you have a good day at work. Do you need me to give you a ride?
No I'm fine. Rachael is going to pick me up this morning. I don't want to make you late with [g1].
She would understand if I'm a little late. But if you're good I'm gonna go ahead and head on over there.
Not without a hug you're not. I love you [mcf]
No complaints here, I love you too [am].
I love her hugs. Her skin is so soft and she's such a small and gentle woman but she gives a really firm hug.
She may not be my real mom but she's the best mother figure anyone could ever ask for.
I hope you have a great day today. Tell [g1] that I said hey.
I can guarantee I'll have a great day as soon as 2pm hits. I think I have an idea of where to go. But it's a surprise.
I can't wait to find out. I'll be thinking about it all day.
So will I. I'll see you soon.
See you soon.. Drive safe!
I need to make today count for [am]. Me and her have never spent a night away from each other since my dad passed away.
We found an apartment near WVM but we can't rent until the first of the month. That's not for another 22 days.
That means we won't see each other that entire time and I don't know how either one of us are going to make it through it.
She means everything to me and I hate that we'll be away from each other that long.
All I can do is make sure we have a great day today. There's a necklace I want to buy her that I need to go and pick up. I'll do that after meeting Damien.
Okay, time to head out. It's a quick drive to the gym.
5 minutes later
Thank god.. The place looks empty. Hopefully it's just me and [g1] for a bit.
If I know anything about her.. She'll be stretching in the corner.
Yep.. I called it. Oh wow. She's wearing the black and gold already. It looks great on her.
Hey [g1], I made it on time.
Hey babe, I was worried you were going to sleep in.
And leave you here all alone? Not a chance. I'm really liking the outfit by the way. Already rocking the WVM pride.
Ehhh sure.. You could say that. But I'm wearing it because my man is now the shooting guard for the WVM Nukes and I wanted to show my support.
It looks incredible on you.
I'm glad you think so. I feel a little silly in it. It kinda shows everything.
I like looking at everything. You have a fantastic body.
Thank you. I'm just nervous someone else will walk in and see me in it.
You'd probably make their entire day.
Oh yeah? Did you seeing me in this make your entire day?
You make my everyday, sexy outfit or not. I'm just lucky to be here.
I guess she liked that answer.
Her kisses always sound loud and sloppy but they're the most gentle thing.
Great answer.
It's the truth. So what are we doing now?
Let's get this workout out of the way. I'm already warmed up.
Sure thing, let's do it.
Not just yet. But after I see you workout in it I think my entire week will be made.
Ha, I'm sure it will. Are you ready to get this workout over with?
Sure am, let's do it.
20 minutes of cardio later.
Man, all these exercises are doing wonders for her. She's in shape as can be and her ass is amazing.
Come to think of it. I think this is the most revealed I've seen her yet.
We've been dating for 2 months now and the most we've done is kiss.
I knew she wanted to go slow going into this, I didn't know she meant this slow though.
But I respect it, there's no reason to rush things if she's not ready.
15 minutes of lifts later.
Ow, ow, ow!
What's wrong?
Owwwwww.. My foot is cramping up.
Do you want me to massage it? Or I can go get a warm towel to put on it.
Nooo, I'm fine. It just got really tight for a minute. So much for my stretches.
Are you sure?
Yeah I'm sure, it's already starting to go away. It's just tight. Thank you for your concern though, you're a sweety.
Anytime, are you done for today? Or do you want to keep going?
We're only like halfway through but I think if any day can be a cheat day then it's today.
Plus it's only half a cheat day. Did you drive here or did your mom drop you off?
My mom dropped me off. Would you mind giving me a ride? I'll make up for it.
You don't have to make up for anything. You ready to leave now?
Can I change first? I don't want to be in public in this..
Awhh, I really like seeing you in it.
And I like you seeing me in it. But not other people.. just you.
I don't really want other people to see you in it either. Do you want me to help you over to the locker room?
Yes please. I haven't been carried since I was a small kid.
Damn, you're really light. I could fling you around like an old cartoon character if I wanted to.
Hah, am I really light or are you just really strong?
Let's go with both, now let's get you into the locker room before any other early risers show up.
Didn't even break a sweat, guess I must actually be light.
I'm telling you. All these exercises you've been doing are paying off. You're the perfect ratio of curvy and skinny.
Thank you for noticing. It's all for you. I want to look good for when we uhh... yeah.
Did she just almost say she wants to look good for when we finally do something more than kiss?
What you've been doing is working amazingly. You look fantastic.
You're full of compliments this morning. I like it.
There we go. Do you need anymore help?
No I should be fine, to be honest I could've walked in here no problem but I wanted you to carry me.
Hah, okay. I'll get you back for that. I'll be waiting by our spot.
I'll be out in just a minute.
I wonder what to do next. I don't have to meet Damien for a few more hours.
I could take [g1] somewhere nice. Maybe get some breakfast.
Uhhmmm.. Good morning [mcf]..
Oh hey.. Good morning Shauna. What are you doing here?
Oh hey.. Good morning Shawn. What are you doing here?
Shocked to see me in a gym huh?
Yeah, somewhat. Is everything okay?
After we got offline last night I tried to lay down to sleep but I was too nervous to actually fall asleep.
I'm tired of racking my brain about all the changes happening and I just wanted to leave my room and you told me last night that you were coming here so.. I don't know.
I guess I just want to distract myself right now. I'm sorry if I'm interrupting your plans or anything. I don't mean to cock block.
You're fine. We just got through with our work out so we're free to hang out for a bit.
Awesome!, so where is the pretty lady?
She's in the locker room changing.
This place is dead. Why aren't you in there with her?
Come on.. You know why.
I'm sorry, that was mean of me. So you two still haven't done anything? It's been over a month right?
Yeah it has, actually 2 months.
What's stopping you guys?
When we started dating she said she wanted to take things slow. Do things right. I thought that was a great idea.
But it has barely been brought up recently. I love hanging out with her and everything I just wish I knew what she was thinking about it.
Have you asked her?
Not really. I don't want to make it seem like I'm trying to pressure her to be ready. I want her to be ready when she is actually ready.
You're funny, you know that?
Ha, what makes you say that?
You're this basketball superstar who could have had any girl you wanted from school. I've seen girls literally willing to fight for you who would bend over in a second if you just winked at them.
But here you are. Wondering how to further your relationship respectfully.
That doesn't sound very funny to me.
No, funny was the wrong word. It's cute.
I don't know if that's any better.
Just next time you're alone with her.. Tell her what you told me.
You're not trying to pressure or rush her into anything. You just want an open dialogue about it. I'm sure she'll understand.
Yeah, you're right. I'm making it a bigger deal in my head than it really is. Thanks for the advice.
So enough about my issues. What's making you so nervous?
Awh, come on. I was enjoying talking about someone else's problems not my own.
Come on. You know it will feel good to get it off your chest. I'm a good listener.
Yeah I know you are. Fine, we can talk about it.
I guess I'm just nervous about college. All new people, new living space. What if it goes badly?
You have me and [g1]. It's not going to go badly. It's a new place with new people. A fresh start with better people.
What if they aren't better? What if it's more of the same? You having to constantly protect me and everything. I hate making you do that.
You aren't making me do anything. We're best friends, we always have been. I was there for you then and you were there for me when my dad passed away. It's just what we do.
When you put it that way.. but I still don't want you to have to stand up for me. You have a lot to worry about yourself and I don't want you to get mixed up with my issues.
So please promise me that you'll let me handle my own battles. I don't want you to have to worry about me.
I'll promise to stay out of the smaller ones. If anyone ever threatens you or takes it too far I'm going to be involved though.
Thank you, you're the best [mcf].
I can't promise you that. I'm not going to let anyone treat you poorly. I'm sorry but this isn't something you're going through alone. I'm there for you.
I don't deserve you [mcf]. I already feel a lot better about it.
Awh, am I missing out on a moment?
Oh hey [g1]. Sorry, [mcf] was just helping me work out some nerves about going to college.
You have nothing to be sorry about, I'm nervous about it too.
I am too. I've never liked change and a lot of it is about to happen.
Yes it is. But like you said. We will all have each other to rely on.
Damn right we will. All we need is each other.
So is Shauna hanging out with us for the day?
Yes she is. What do you guys want to do?
How much time do you have before meeting that guy Damien?
Not too long, but I'm meant to meet him at the basketball court behind Shauna's new house anyway, so if you're cool with it Shauna we could hang at your place for a bit.
Not too long, but I'm meant to meet him at the basketball court behind Shawn's new house anyway, so if you're cool with it Shawn we could hang at your place for a bit.
Sure, that sounds good to me. As long as you don't mind the mess. Do you know how to get there [g1]?
She's gonna ride with me.
Oh, okay. Perfect, let's go then.
10 minutes later
Here we are. Mi casa es su casa.
Wait, I thought you said there was a mess?
There is, I haven't vacuumed and my bed isn't made.
Whatever you say, this is clean in my books.
So [g1], how are you feeling about everything with this college stuff, nervous at all?
Of course I am. There's a lot happening. I know I have you there with me though so that helps a lot.
Hey, you have me too.
And you have me. Who knows, we may end up being roommates.
I hope so. That would be amazing.
I wish, that's the part I'm most nervous about. I'm just happy they're letting me stay in the girls dorm rooms.
I'm nervous about it too. Like what if we get complete bitches as our roommates?
I'll beat yours up if you beat mine up.
Ha, deal. Soooooo this is random but I'm curious.
You and [mcf] are really close and I don't even know your history. How did you two meet? If you don't mind me asking.
I don't mind at all, that's one of my favorite memories.
It was in elementary school. I was a shy nerdy kid who got picked on and I was too scared to stand up for myself.
There were a group of kids that would bully me daily. Until [mcf] moved here. His first time seeing it happen he intervened.
He confronted them and told them to stop or else he would do whatever they did to me twice as hard to them.
They stopped for then but when I went to go home that day one of them stopped me and threw me to the ground.
[mcf] came running in and tackled him and punched him a few times and made him apologize. He even walked me home to make sure nothing else happened.
I was so amazed by it. I went years thinking that being bullied was just my role to play. It got normalized to me and I forgot what it was like to feel safe and have someone respect you.
But even after that I was a shy kid with no friends. I didn't know what else to do but cling to [mcf]. I kinda forced my way into his life. I felt safe and I selfishly didn't want that to go away.
I always sat with him at lunch, went to his practices, we hung out after school a lot too.
Awh, that's so sweet. I didn't know that. No wonder you guys are so close.
That wasn't the last time either. In high school I accidentally bumped into a guy and he just started to yell at me. We were in the middle of a crowd and I just felt so overwhelmed and couldn't take it anymore.
At that point in my life [mcf] had helped me a ton with my confidence. So much so that I had the guts to stand up to him and I shouted back. I went too far and ended up pushing him.
Unlucky for me he wasn't having any of that and took a swing at me. Hit me in my left eye.
That wasn't the last time either. In high school right after I decided to start transitioning.. I can't even remember the guys name but he came up to me and just started to berate me. Yelling all kinds of crazy things in front of a lot of people.
At that point I had more respect for myself and I decided to yell back. Unlucky for me he wasn't having any of that and took a swing at me. Hit me in my left eye.
That time [mcf] wasn't around to see it and I didn't see him until lunch. I was scared to tell him what happened to my face but I eventually did.
Right after I told him he took off and I didn't see him again for the rest of the day, I was really worried about what happened.
I tried my best not to show it but that really crushed me. I finally stood up for myself and all it led to was a black eye and some embarrassment. I just wanted to go home and cry.
So that's what I was going to do. I was halfway home before [mcf] came running up to me. He was so calm but I knew something had happened.
His knuckles were red and swollen so I knew he had gotten into a fight with him. I wasn't going to make him say it though.
All he did was ask me if I wanted to go to the state fair with him that night. He knew how I was feeling and knew I needed him.
That was and still is the best night of my life. Just a whole night of nothing but fun with my best friend, just the two of us. He even won me that blue dinosaur over there.
I was going to ask about that thing, that's amazing.
I didn't know you guys had been through that much together, that's really cool.
There's a lot more but those are the two biggest ones.
Now your turn. I don't even know how you two met.
Well that story isn't as sweet as yours.. In fact it's the opposite.
I don't like to admit it but I actually hated [mcf] at first. It was my sister's fault.
You know who my sister is right Shauna?
Isn't she the snotty cheerleader? Isn't she coming with us tonight?
Yes to both of those, I can't stand her.. And before I even knew [mcf] she started to tell people that she and him were dating and doing all kinds of things.
And I believed her, she had never really lied about guys before. Plus it made sense, captain of the basketball team dating the cheerleader you know?
But anyway, that next school year me and [mcf] were put into the same science class.
I avoided him for as long as I could. I thought he was just a meat head jock or whatever.
That was until our science teacher paired us together on a project. He invited me over to his house to work on it and I begrudgingly accepted.
When I went over there for some reason I was expecting him to be childish, like have a race car bed and be in gym shorts.
But it was the opposite of that, I never saw his room so I don't know about the bed but he was wearing a nice formal outfit.
He was a proper gentleman to me, asked me if I wanted water, made sure I was comfortable. All the nice little things.
I saw how he interacted with his mom and how respectful he was.
I never realized how smart he was. I knew he had good grades and everything but he didn't need help on the project at all.
I remember thinking 'how is this guy with my sister?'
It was a great evening until after we finished with the project. It was pretty late into the evening and neither of us had eaten anything so we were both hungry.
He very kindly asked me if I wanted to go get something to eat with him. Looking back on it, it was very clearly a friendly invitation.
But for some reason I thought he was trying to make a move. I think I thought that because I was feeling attracted to him and I felt guilty about it since I thought he was with my sister.
But I snapped at him, went off about how he shouldn't treat my sister that way and that he was wrong and blah blah blah. I must've looked like an idiot.
I left after that and went to tell my sister. She ended up telling me the truth that she had been lying.
I felt so bad, first thing the next morning I ran up to him and apologized profusely. I must've said 'I'm so sorry' at least a hundred times.
I remember I was the only one talking though, he was just standing there with a slight smile on his face. After I was done rambling he just looked at me and said.
Want to get dinner with me tonight?
Hmmhmm, yep. I just stood there shocked that you even still wanted to talk to me. But I ended up saying yes and we had a fantastic meal and that was the start of our relationship.
I didn't know any of that had happened. That's pretty funny, but cute.
It all led to where I am now so I wouldn't change anything about it.
Another gentle but loud kiss. This might be my favorite thing. Shauna doesn't seem too comfortable with it though.
Another gentle but loud kiss. This might be my favorite thing. Shawn doesn't seem too comfortable with it though.
I wouldn't change anything either.
Good, I'm lucky to have you.
So Shauna, we're both really close with [mcf]. But I don't feel like we're that close.
I'm sure we'll grow a lot closer over the course of this next year.
Yes we will. I don't want to make you uncomfortable but are you dating anyone?
You're not making me uncomfy. I'm fine. But no, I've never been in a relationship. I'm waiting until college for a new start. I might try to find someone for me then.
What about you? How many relationships were you in before [mcf]?
None, at least no serious ones. I had like pretend boyfriends in middle school where we would hold hands.
But [mcf] was even my first kiss.
Wow, you two are great together. I still haven't had mine.
I'm sure you'll meet a nice and handsome guy at college. I'll be your wingwoman.
If you say so... Just not right away. I want to get comfortable there first.
That's fair. But when you're ready we will find you your own [mcf].
There's only one of me though.
All right Mr. Cocky. We'll find her the next closest thing.
That's better.
You'll find someone easily as soon as you want to.
I agree. Won't be hard at all.
Thank you guys.
Hey Shauna where's your bathroom?
It's the first door on the left out of here.
I will be right back. Don't go anywhere.
Well actually I was thinking about going ahead and walking down to the basketball court. Just be ready and down there for when Damien shows. You girls are free to join.
Sure, I'll head down there after I'm done.
Hey [mcf] before you head down I want to talk to you about something.
Uhh, sure.
I'll be right back.
What is it? Everything okay?
Yeah everything is good. I'm just not good at expressing my feelings when there is someone else around. I'm still too shy.
It's just talking about all this stuff from the past is bringing up a lot of thoughts.
I don't know where I'd be if you didn't come into my life. I wouldn't be where I am now. I just want you to know how much you mean to me.
You mean a lot to me too. Come here. You need another hug.
You're stronger than you think you are. You give me too much credit.
You're a beautiful young woman with a lot to offer. You just don't realize your worth yet. But you will.
Thank you [mcf]. Now let's go play some basketball.
Sure thing.
I wish she'd give herself some slack. She acts like I'm her angel or something but she's helped me through plenty herself. It's cute how she treats me though. I'd miss it if she stopped.
I'm surprised she's never tried to date anyone before. She has a fantastic body and I'm sure guys hit on her all the time.
Should I take a closer look?
She has a great body. She's changed from that quirky girl I grew up with.
I've been catching myself staring at her more and more lately.
She has a great body, I can't even remember what she looked like before the transition. She looks like a girl, sounds like a girl, smells like a girl. I wonder what's holding her back.
I've been catching myself staring at her more and more lately.
I really shouldn't. Not now anyway.
Here we are, your natural habitat.
You could say that. Can you get us a ball?
Sure thing.
Found one. So what do you want to do?
I haven't seen you shoot a three since middle school. Can you still make one?
Hmm, I don't know, let's make it interesting though.
How are we going to do that?
A simple bet. If I can make one and you can't then you have to do something embarrassing.
Like what?
I don't know yet, We'll come up with it after.
Sure, I'll take that bet. I don't get embarrassed easily.
All right here goes nothing.
Woo! I still got it!
Not to rain on your parade but your foot was totally on the line. I'll let it count though.
Haha, I was close enough. Your turn.
So if I make this you have to do something embarrassing and if I miss it then I have to?
Correct, good luck.
This is a simple enough shot. I could make it if I wanted to. Or I could miss it to see what she can come up with.
And it's in. Really shouldn't bet a man on the one thing he's good at.
So what should I make you do?
It better not be nothing too bad. I was going to go easy on you.
Well give me some ideas.. What were you going to make me do?
I was just going to tell you that you have to slap [g1] on the butt.
That's it? That's not even embarrassing. She's my girlfriend.
Yeah. But it would have been funny to see.
Fair enough I guess. I'll come up with something good later.
All right, bet only lasts for today though.
Oh! So close!
Ehh, can't win them all.
So what do I have to do?
Nothing major. All you have to do is slap [g1]'s butt.
Ha, what's embarrassing about that? She's my girlfriend.
I don't know. I just think it will be funny to see.
Haha, okay... I can do that.
So what next? Any more bets to make?
Nah, I'm too scared to lose. We can make bets later at something I'm good at.
At least you're honest. So no more bets for now. You just want to play Horse or something?
Well actually, you know that thing you do before every game? Where you hang on the rim?
Yeah, my whole pregame ritual. What about it?
Why do you do it?
Honestly it started out as a way to show off that I could dunk. That was back when no one else my age could dunk. I just never stopped because it sorta became tradition.
What does it feel like? It looks like fun.
It's not that different than hanging on anything else. Want to find out? I can lift you up there.
Oh I don't know. What if I fall?
You won't. I'll stay under you and I'll catch you if you slip. C'mon it'll be fun.
Okay, sure. I trust you.
Awesome, get the ball. No point in hanging on a rim if you don't dunk a ball.
Okay, I'm ready.
Is it cool if I pick you up by your hips? That way it will be easy for you to reach the rim.
Uhh, sure. I don't mind.
You sure you're ready? Whatever you do don't panic and shift your weight or else I might drop you.
Yeah I'm good. I'll stay straight.
Oh man, she put the idea of smacking asses into my head. Now I have a prime opportunity to smack hers. Should I take it?
*SMACK*
Hey! What was that for?
You put the idea of smacking butts in my head. I couldn't resist.
Ohh.. Uh. Okay, I guess I deserved it. I'll get you back though.
I'm sure you will, now turn back around and I'll pick you up. No slap ass this time I promise.
Up we go.
Are you on? Do you have a good grip?
Yeah, I think so.
I'm going to let you go now. Don't panic.
So how does it feel? Is it how you imagined?
It's different, not in a bad way though. It's an empowering feeling.
I didn't know the rim and hoop would flex like this. It feels funny.
Yeah, running and jumping then swinging on it feels way different than hanging on it. That flex helps a lot with that.
Well we need to get a trampoline out here so I can experience it.
Can you help me down now? My arms are starting to get tired.
Sure, I got you.
All right, you can let go. I'll just slide you down.
Thank you for that. It was fun.
No problem. Anything else you want to do?
Uhhhhh maybe.
Am I missing out on another moment?
No, not this time. [mcf] was just showing me what it's like to hang from the rim.
Yeah, she asked me what it was like so I figured why tell her when I can show her.
I saw you hanging from it on my walk over here. Looked like fun.
Hey [mcf] can I talk to you for a minute?
Of course. Is everything okay?
Yeah everything is fantastic. Just a few things I wanted to talk to you about.
Uhh.. just practice on your shot for a bit while we talk.
You got it, if I'm third wheeling too hard then I can give you guys some alone time.
No, no. You're fine, I promise. It's nothing like that. We won't be long.
Just let me know if you guys need some time for yourselves, and no rush.
So.. What's up?
Like I said I have a few things I want to talk to you about.
That sounds bad. What are they?
Noooo, they're good. I just have been wondering about something.
What's that?
Uhhhh... How do you feel about us?
Noooo, they're good. First thing is just a question. Why do you still call her Shawn? I thought she went by Shauna now?
Yeah that's something I've been working on. I've known her long before she went by Shauna. I just got so used to calling her Shawn and I don't really think about it.
It's just with us going to a new place and all maybe it would help her be more comfortable if she could shed off the Shawn persona, you know?
You're right. I really need to try my best to drop that habit.
Good, I'm sure she would appreciate it.
I have one more question. How do you feel about us?
What do you mean? I think we're great.
Like, are we doing good? Are you happy?
Of course I am. Like I said I think we're doing great. What makes you ask?
It's just.. A lot of things are going to be different.
Hey [g1], it's me. Just let it out. Tell me how you're feeling. Don't hold back.
It's hard. I feel silly when I say these things out loud but I don't know..
I'm scared of losing you when we go to college.
Why would you lose me?
I don't know. You're going to meet a lot of new girls and maybe they're better than me. Maybe they could make you happier.
Girls are going to go after you, especially with you being who you are.
When I say this I don't want you to think I'm attacking you and Shauna's friendship because I know you two are just best friends.
But when I see you two being close with each other I sometimes imagine you doing that but in a romantic way with another girl and it makes me sick to my stomach.
You changed my life and you are the best things that's ever happened to me. I don't want to lose you.
Wow, you were right.
What do you mean?
You do sound really silly when you say these things out loud.
Ha, you jerk. I'm opening up over here and you're calling me silly.
It's not like that, you're just feeling anxious and stressed out and you're overthinking things.
I'm not gonna go anywhere. I'm the same guy. I had girls coming at me here as well. And I chose you.
You're right but what if they can offer you things I haven't?
Like what? You give me everything I need.
No I don't.....
What are you talking about?
You know....
So that's what all this is about? You're scared you're going to lose me because we aren't having sex?
Yes. That's not all though. I don't even know how I'm feeling anymore. You have been absolutely perfect.
You're everything I want and you've been a perfect gentleman. I started the whole taking things slow thing back when I still didn't really know you or your intentions.
Now I've known for the longest time how much I care about you. How much I want to make you happy. But I still can't.
It's not that I don't want to. I really do. I'm just scared.
What are you scared of?
At first I was scared that my body wasn't good enough. I'm past that now though because of all the sweet things you've said about me and our workouts.
Now I'm just worried that I'm going to let you down. I've never done anything before. What if I'm awful at it? What if you hate it?
What do you think I am? I'm scared to death of letting you down too.
I've barely done anything myself. I just assume that we'll both wing it when we are ready. Figure everything out together.
I didn't really think about it like that. I thought you would have these huge expectations and everything. The more I made you wait the better I thought I had to be.
Not at all, I've just been waiting on you to be ready. I didn't want to rush you into anything.
Also we could start slow when you are ready. We don't have to dive into anything straight away. We could start with something simple and work our way from there.
I think I am ready to start trying things. I'm tired of feeling anxious about this.
I want you to do this for the right reasons. If you're not completely comfortable then it can wait. I promise.
I promise I'm ready. I'm not saying I'm ready to do everything. But I'm ready to start trying.
What do you want to start with?
Well, I really like kissing you. This is also kind of embarrassing to say but I also really liked when you picked me up earlier.
Something about you holding me in your arms really had me feeling a certain way. It was strong but intimate. It's hard to explain. Do you know what I mean?
Well, actions speak louder than words.
Hey! I wasn't prepared for that. But do you see what I mean? This is really intimate and I feel really close to you. It's nice.
It really is. So you said me holding you, but hmmm, what was the other thing?
As a great man once said 'Actions speak louder than words.'
Mmm, her kisses are usually gentle. But there's a fierceness in this one. It's nice to see this side of her.
Oh wow, this isn't like her at all. This is the opposite of her usual kisses. They're usually neat and gentle. This is sloppy and rough and I love it.
She clearly doesn't really know what she's doing but neither do I. At least she's trying.
Woah, where did that come from?
Like you said. I was just winging it. Did you like it?
I loved it.
I did too. Can we do it again?
Hey, I hate to interrupt you but are you [mcf]?
Oh shit, hey. Sorry.. didn't expect anyone to walk up on us. Yeah that's me.
Well shit, it's good to know my new teammate is a casanova at least.
You're Damien? It's nice to meet you man.
it's nice to finally meet you too.
So are you going to introduce me to her or no?
Oh yeah, Damien this is my girlfriend [g1].
It's nice to meet you.
The pleasure is all mine. Can I steal your boy for a few? We have some things to talk about.
Sure, just don't keep him too long. I wasn't done talking to him yet.
I could see that, we won't be long.
First things first I want to apologize for cutting you and your girl off. I tried to be polite and wait but when you two started to make out I knew I had to intervene or else I wouldn't be able to get a word in.
It's fine. It's just that was our first time doing anything more than a simple kiss.
How long have you two been together?
Close to two months.
Two months? And that was your first time making out? Not a casanova after all.
Nope, sorry to disappoint. We've been taking things slow.
Well shit, now I feel awful for interrupting. My girl was the same way at first. If anyone interrupted me and her back then I would've started swinging instantly.
It's not that big of a deal. We'll just continue it later. Is your girl here?
Nope, she stayed behind to help clean out your new place.
She's cleaning out my dorm room?
No, your new house. You didn't know about that?
Wait. What are you talking about?
Do you know who you are?
You're the top basketball recruit coming out of high school this year. And you committed to one of the worst division 1 schools.
Do you know what that does?
I guess not?
To put it simply WVM owes you big time.
Everyone is talking about them now. Fans are hyped that you're coming. There's buzz again.
There's media talking, there's jerseys being sold.
That means investors, donators to the school.
We're getting a whole new stadium, new uniforms, everything. The least they could do is hook you up with a nice place to sleep.
So I'm going to have my own house? Like actually just for me?
I don't know why you're so surprised. I assumed you already knew all of this. The house isn't all.
They hook you up with a car. Free food, a maid, and you don't have to go to classes if you don't want to.
That's crazy. I had no clue about that. Is it a nice house?
Yeah it's really nice. I think it's around six bedrooms so there's plenty of space.
Is there enough room on the RV for one more?
There's room on the RV for twenty more. Want to check it out?
Yeah, sure.. Sorry I'm just shocked about this. It changes a lot.
You're good homie, c'mon let's check it out.
So what do you think? She's a beauty right?
Yeah she's great. Not really a fan of wood paneling but other than that she's great.
You're not offending me, it's not mine. They're just letting me drive it to pick you up. Let's go inside.
See what I'm saying? There's plenty of room for whoever you want to bring.
There's even a bed back there for you and your girl to continue your thing.
Well now that I'm going to bring my mom I don't think anything will be happening back there tonight.
Oh damn, yeah I guess not then. It's hot as fuck in here right now though. I'm stepping back outside.
You want to go back to the court and play a bit? Test each other out?
As much as I would love to. I just got here, and I drove all through the night with no sleep. So I'm gonna go crash at a motel for a few. I'll leave the RV unlocked so just load up everything and I'll meet you here at 10, that sound good?
You don't have to go to any motel, you can sleep at my place. It will be empty for a bit.
I appreciate it, I truly do. But I really don't want to intrude. Plus this way I can sleep naked and take a shower and everything.
Fair enough, I understand that. Offer still stands though. Rest well man.
Will do, see you soon. Nice to meet you again.
He was cool, pretty much what I expected from what I heard about him. I wish we could've hung out for a bit but I get that he's tired.
I can't believe I'm going to have my own place. Mom, Shauna, and [g1] are all going to be ecstatic about it. No more worrying about roommates or being seperated.
I should wait until later before I tell them. That way I can tell them all at once and see all of their reactions.
Boo!
Did I scare you?
Somewhat, I was pretty deep in thought there.
Where did Damien go? We came to spy on you two.
He said he drove here all night and hasn't slept. So he's gonna go to some motel and sleep for a bit.
Why a motel? Why not just crash at your place?
I offered it to him, he said he preferred the motel.
Oh well. At least he'll be awake and alert for the ride back tonight.
You guys want to go back to the basketball court or do something else?
It's really hot out here. But if you guys want to go back then we can.
No, it's cool. We can do whatever. I still have to get another shower and get dressed. I have to pick up my mom soon and I'm gonna take her somewhere and spend some time with her.
Awh, how about we just head back to your place then? Just chill there until you leave to pick her up. That way you can do what you have to do.
That sounds good to me. Can you give [g1] a ride there? There's a few errands I have to do real quick.
I sure can. See you soon.
Bye baby, don't take too long.
I won't. I just have to pick up a few things.
5 minutes later
Time to get [am] the necklace I've been wanting to get her.
This present alongside telling her she can come with us tonight might send her into shock.
How can I help you sir?
I came in here a few days ago and put in an order for a necklace.
Wait, are you [mcf]?
Yes I am. Why?, is there a problem?
Not at all. I'm a huge fan. I've taken my son to a few of your games. Couldn't believe it when I heard you were going to WVM.
Oh, nice. And yeah, I've heard that a lot.
I'm sure you have. I have your order right here but... This doesn't seem right.
What's wrong?
This price tag looks wrong. I think half off would look a lot better for a man like you.
Are you serious? Thank you so much!
No problem at all, just maybe when you make it to the pro league you slide some tickets my way.
I think I could make that happen.
So is there anything else I can do for you? Anything else is full price though, sales are down this month so I can't go half on everything.
That's fine, you've already done more than enough.
I could buy something for [g1]. Maybe a bracelet? I'd feel bad not getting anything else since he just gave me half off.
Uhh, do you have any nice bracelets?
Who is it for?
My girlfriend. I figure I could get her something nice now.
I have the perfect one and you will still walk out of here with more cash than you thought you would.
Well shit, if I still have more I could get something for Shauna.
Should I? I could just pocket the extra and have it for later.
Well shit, if I still have more I could get something for Shawn.. I mean Shauna.
Should I? I could just pocket the extra and have it for later.
What about earrings?
With what you have left I have a nice pair. Nothing that'll blow your socks off but it's a solid present.
Awesome thank you so much.
That will be all for me today. Thank you so much for the discount.
Don't mention it, just don't forget about those tickets.
And good luck at WVM, I'll be watching. Have a great day young man.
Thank you, and I hope you have a great day too.
Time to head home and get ready.
10 minutes later
I'm going to wait until tonight to give [g1] her bracelet. Hopefully me and her have time to continue what we started earlier.
Hey girls, what have you two been up to while I was gone?
[g1] has been bugging me.
Yeah, sounds like her. What about?
Hey! I've just been asking her what she thought about Damien, if he was cute or not.
And I've told her twenty times that he's not my type.
He was telling me about his girlfriend anyway.
That's not my point though. I just want to talk to her about boys.
I've never really had that typical girl friend interaction thing where you have sleepovers and talk about boys.
I mean I'm happily taken but we can talk about boys for her you know. She's not gonna find a boyfriend if she doesn't look for one.
Well if he's not her type then he's not her type. The best things happen naturally, like us. We weren't really looking for it but it happened.
Thank you. I told her I'm more than happy to have that kind of friendship with her but he's really just not my type.
She won't tell me anything about her type!
I told her it's all about personality.
Then how can she say he's not her type? She doesn't know anything about his personality yet.
I'm gonna leave you two to duke this one out. I'm gonna hop in a shower.
Don't leave me alone with this again.
Ha, sorry. I won't be long. Get along you two.
I hope they're done with that conversation by the time I'm out of here.
I'm actually so excited for my little date with [am]. I thought it was going to be a little gloomy knowing it would be our last time together for a while.
I think I'm gonna go ahead and tell her about it, I can't wait to see her reaction.
She's arranged to take a sabbatical away from work. That isn't supposed to start for another two weeks though. I need to talk to her boss about it if I can.
If I can get everything set up before I even tell her then it will make everything so much better.
One shower later
I should be good to go. Just have to get dressed and I'll have some time to hang out with the girls before I have to leave.
*THUD*
What the fuck was that?
Shauna.. What are you doing?
Oh my god...
What the hell?!
I'm so sorry [mcf]. It's not what it looks like, I was just coming to see if you were out yet.
It's fine, can you hand me a towel?
Yeah here you go, again. I'm so sorry.
You scared the hell out of me. Why were you peeking on me?
I wasn't.. I told you I was just checking to see if you were out yet.
So when you saw I wasn't anywhere else and you could hear the water running.. that wasn't enough to convince you I was in the shower?
It's not like that. I don't know how to explain it. I'm sorry.
I'm not mad at you. Only way I will be mad is if you don't tell me the truth. It's me and you, we don't lie to each other.
I wasn't lying about coming to see where you were. [g1] wouldn't stop hounding me about guys and I wanted to get out of that.
I believe that, but that doesn't explain what happened. I know this is emberrassing but we can't just pretend that this didn't just happen.
It's not that simple, there's more to it than I can say.
What does that mean? It's not that hard. Let me guess.
You came in here to see where I was, when you realized I was still in the shower you got curious and took a peek and slipped.
It's not that big of a deal to me. Humans are flawed and we have a ton of weird emotions.
It's more than that. I can't say though.
Why not? It's me. Me and you have been through everything together. Why shut down now?
[mcf].. I'm not shutting down. I just don't know how to tell you this.
Just tell me it. It doesn't have to be a huge thing. Just get it off your chest.
[mcf].....
I.. have feelings for you. I know you're with [g1] and I feel awful about it and this was a huge mistake. I didn't want you to find out like this.
What kind of feelings?
You know.. I think the world of you. You've always been the perfect man and you've never let me down. You've always let me be me.
You make me feel safe. I'm happy when I'm around you and I miss you whenever we aren't together.
When [g1] was asking me about my type I didn't want to say because it's everything that you are.
I know you wouldn't be with a girl like me though. I've tried to get rid of these emotions. But it's not that easy.
Shauna, you should've told me sooner. I didn't know you felt that way.
Really? I should have?
Yes, there's no reason to keep anything from me. Especially nothing like that.
[mcf]... You just called me Shauna.
Yes I did. And I'm sorry I haven't earlier. You know I respect and care about you. I was just used to calling you Shawn and I didn't think about how it would make you feel.
It's okay, I never minded that much. It's just really nice to hear you say it.
Well get used to it. Those days are over.
So.. about all that I just told you. You don't hate me do you?
Of course not. I'm happy you told me. I just want to say that...
You're not the only one with feelings here. I have them too.
We've been through everything together. We've been best friends for as long as I can remember. Of course there's some attraction there.
But there's more to it than that. I've seen you grow into a beautiful young woman and we have everything in common. There's times where I've caught myself checking you out.
I knew there was something there but just like you I didn't know how to handle it and I didn't want to risk hurting our friendship.
I don't know, these are kind of unexplored emotions, anytime I would have these thoughts I would shut myself up.
[mcf].. Are you serious? This is really fucked up if you're joking.
I'm serious. Like I said I think you're beautiful and we've always been on the same page about everything. How could I not be attracted to you?
You don't know how happy that makes me. I've waited so long to hear that. But.. what about [g1]?
Yeah, that's where things get rocky. I really do like [g1]. I don't want to ruin things with her.
I know she said she was cool with us being as close as we are but I think this is crossing many lines.
I'm going to sound like an awful person but what if she didn't know?
What are you saying?
Like you said these are unexplored emotions for both of us. What if we explored them in secret? [g1] would never know.
I don't know. I know what I want to do but I don't think that it's right. If [g1] ever did find out she would be really hurt.
She'll never find out I promise. We'll be super careful and only do anything if we know we are alone.
You do know I would still be in a relationship with [g1] right? Would you be okay with that?
Yeah I'm completely fine with that. It sounds weird to say but it doesn't bother me at all. It actually makes me happy. I love watching you make others happy.
I also know that she makes you happy. I just also want to make you happy.
What if things don't change? What if me and [g1] work out long term?
Then we can keep our thing secret long term. As long as I know I have a place in your heart then I'm happy. I just want to be yours.
If that's all true then fuck it. I'm down to try this.
I can't believe this is finally happening. I've dreamed about this for so long. I never thought it would happen.
You should've told me sooner. Or I should have told you how I felt. We could've started a long time ago.
I know but that doesn't matter now. I'm just insanely happy that it did happen. I should've peeked on you a long time ago.
Ha, yeah you should have. Was this your first time ever peeking on me?
Actually yes. I've wanted to before but this was my first time actually doing it.
What did you think?
It was everything I expected. I'm sorry but can I kiss you? It's all I can think about right now.
You don't have to ask.
I never thought today would lead me to kissing Shauna in my bathroom but I'm fucking glad it did.
I can't believe this is actually happening.
Just remember we have to be careful. We can't do anything we wouldn't have done ten minutes ago in public.
I won't. I promise. Public me won't change a bit. I'm committed to this.
But back to what I thought when I peeked on you. I was shocked.
I've never seen one that big before.
You've seen others?
Like on the internet and stuff, it was my first time seeing another one in person.
I can understand why you don't mind people peeking on you. If I had something like that I don't think I'd ever wear pants.
Can I get another peek?
Uhh, sure. There's no harm in that.
Oh my god, it's even bigger now.
It gets bigger than that.
If [g1] knew you had this I bet she wouldn't make you wait any longer.
You weren't lying. Your dick is fucking huge.
And I know what I want. I want to make you feel good.
But we have to be safe. [g1] will wonder where we are soon. How about after your date with your mom you swing by my place and we can continue this?
I'll be there.
I'm sorry for teasing you.
You'll make it up to me. Plus the best things in life you have to wait for.
You know I'll make it up to you. I think I'm going to head home now. I don't want [g1] to pester me about boys for a while.
That's fair. I'll let her know you left. And I will see you soon.
I can't wait. but I'll be waiting patiently. I hope you have a good date with your mom.
Oh we're going to have a great time. Now give me another kiss before you leave.
Gladly.
I think these were her first kisses. I'll ask her about it when I go visit her.
I'll see you soon [mcf].
Yes you will. I'll be there as soon as I can.
I can't believe that just happened. I always kinda thought Shauna was into me but I didn't know it was like that. I'm excited to go to her place later.
But for now I should go see what [g1] is up to. Hopefully she didn't hear any of that.
I don't know. I don't think I could do that to [g1].
Plus it would set a dangerous precedent for our relationship if we start it out by me cheating. It just doesn't sound like a good idea.
You're right. I'm sorry for suggesting it. I'm just being selfish. I already have the best best friend in the world and I should be happy with that.
Who knows though. Me and [g1] might not work out long term. We're going to a new place and we're both bound to change. I'm not saying we will but if that were to happen then we could explore our feelings then.
I don't want to think about you two breaking up. I love that you two are together. She makes you so happy.
I'm just being selfish. Maybe one day things may change but right now I'm just happy to have you in my life.
I'm always gonna be in your life. Now give me a hug.
Would you like to pretend that this never happened? Just go back to 5 minutes ago?
Yes please. This was really embarrassing.
Is it okay if I go home now?
Of course it is. Is everything okay though?
Yes, I promise I'm fine. I just feel a little silly and want to be alone for a bit.
That's fine. I understand. Is it cool if I come by in a bit though?
You know you're always welcome at my place.
I'll see you in a bit then, okay?
Mhmm, I'll see you soon.
Fuck man, I feel awful about that but what else could I say? All I can do now is wait and go check on her later.
I should go see what [g1] is up to. Hopefully she didn't hear any of that.
I respect you for having the guts to tell me. It isn't easy to lay our your emotions like that.
You know you're a beautiful young woman who will always have me in her life.
And it's not that I don't have those feelings for you at all. But I'm with [g1].
I know. I don't want you to think that I'm trying to get inbetween you two. I love that you found someone who is making you happy.
I never intended for you to find out how I felt. Especially not this way. This was just a stupid mistake and I'm sorry for violating your privacy.
It's completely fine. Don't worry about it. Are we good?
Yes we're good. As long as I have you in my life I'm good.
I'm just happy you're not mad at me. I don't want to lose my best friend.
It will take a lot more than that to lose me. Now give me a hug.
Would you like to pretend that this never happened? Just go back to 5 minutes ago?
Yes please. This was really embarrassing.
Is it okay if I go home now?
Of course it is. Is everything okay though?
Yes, I promise I'm fine. I just feel a little silly and want to be alone for a bit.
That's fine. I understand. Is it cool if I come by in a bit though?
You know you're always welcome at my place.
I'll see you in a bit then, okay?
Mhmm, I'll see you soon.
Fuck man, I feel awful about that but what else could I say? All I can do now is wait and go check on her later.
I should go see what [g1] is up to. Hopefully she didn't hear any of that.
Hey, how was the shower?
It was good, always feels good to be clean.
True, after you leave to pick up your mom I'm gonna go home and take one myself.
You're more than welcome to take one here.
Is that your way of asking if I want to take a shower with you?
No, just saying you're free to shower here. But when you put it that way, what would your answer be if I was?
I told you I'm ready to try things. Taking a shower together seems tame enough.
Good point, I wish I would've known that before taking one.
Well, where is Shauna? She ran away from me earlier.
Oh, uhh she came and told me she's going home to finish packing and make sure she's ready.
How long until you have to pick up your mom?
I think I have like 30 minutes. Why? Did you want to do anything?
I guess I'll take that as a yes.
What do you want to do?
I'm down for anything you're comfortable with.
Well I say we just start and find out how far I'm comfy with because I don't really know.
That sounds good to me, just tell me when to stop and I'll stop.
So how do we start?
I say we go with what feels natural. And I think that feeling is telling me that we have too many clothes on.
Mmm, I think I agree.
Yep, this definitely feels right.
So what do you think?
I think it's fucking sexy. I could get a better idea if I could see both though.
Getting greedy are we?
Yes, yes I am.
Still sexy?
They're perfect babe, I wouldn't change a thing.
Mmm, I like that answer. It's your turn. Take off your shirt.
What do you think?
I think I'm the luckiest girl alive.
What does the luckiest girl alive want to do with the luckiest guy alive?
Let's go over to the couch.
What are you still doing over there?
Admiring the view.
Well come admire it closer.
There we go.
Are you still okay with this? Not feeling cold feet or anything?
No, I'm perfect. You could throw me around and I wouldn't care right now, I feel free.
How about you sit here where I am. There's something I want to do.
I won't say no to that.
I'm sorry it's taken so long for this to happen.
I'm not, I'm happy we waited. Because now we are closer than we would have been and there's more meaning to this.
I agree, I just want to make you happy.
I'm happy with or without this. I mean this is cool and all but I'm with you for you. Not for this.
I think this is a great way for us to grow closer to each other and have fun at the same time, but if you aren't ready then that is fine.
I'm ready, at least for this.
Uhh, is there something in your pocket?
Nope, nothing in my pockets.
No way..
Oh my god [mcf]. You're huge.
It's so warm. This isn't at all how I thought it would be.
How did you think it would be?
I don't really know, just not this.
Is that a good or bad thing?
It's a great thing.
I have to use both of my hands just to hold it.
I'm still not fully hard.
Really? It gets even bigger?
Mhmm, just keep doing what you're doing and it will keep growing.
I can feel it getting harder in my hands. This is crazy.
Holy shit [mcf], your thing is as big as me.
Or at least it's bigger than my entire head.
What should I do next?
Do whatever you want, I'm in heaven right now.
Well you always say you love my kisses...
How does that feel?
It feels great, try kissing the tip though. That's the most sensitive part.
That feels amazing.
This shouldn't be all about making me feel good. It's her first time, I want to make sure she enjoys it.
Climb onto me for a second.
Okay.. Sure.
Was I doing something wrong? Did you not like it?
I loved it, I just don't want this to be all about me. I want to make you feel good.
I can feel her tensing up. It's probably because she thinks I'm about to try something. It doesn't help that my dick is pushing into her ass right now.
Having her get on top of me was a bad idea. I don't want to psych her out of this.
You said I could throw you around right?
Well I meant figuratively bu-
Hey! What are you doing?
You'll see. Can I take these off?
Y- yes. Go ahead..
Wow [g1], your pussy is amazing.
Can I touch it?
Yes you can, you can do whatever. I'm yours.
I don't know if that was an invite to have actual sex with her but this isn't how I want her first time to be. I want it to be special for her. So I'll just keep to this.
I've seen enough videos and have read enough books to know what I'm doing.. I think.
I guess I'll just take my own advice and go with what feels natural.
Holy fuck she is tight, I can feel her muscles clasping down on my finger.
Oooo, that feels funny.
I'll try to go deeper.
Jesus, if her pussy was squeezing my finger any harder it would pop off.
How does that feel?
Oh wow, It feels good. It's strange though.
Does it hurt at all?
A little.. but it's a good pain.
I'm gonna try to fit in two fingers okay?
Okay, we can try.
Damn, her pussy is clenching down onto my fingers.
It's like the tightest hug you could imagine.
How does that feel?
It hurt at first but the pain is starting to go away.
I'm going to rock them back and forth now.
Okay just start slowly.
Ooooo.. Oh wow [mcf]. That feels great.
Does it hurt at all?
No, it just feels good now. You can speed up.
OOOooo! [mcf] keep going! My stomach is starting to feel warm.
Please don't stop! My body needs your fingers.
OOOhhhhhhhhh [mcf]... what are you doing to me? I've never felt anything like this before.
My entire body is getting hot. Please don't stop. I think something is about to happen.
Already? I was just getting started. I want to try something else before she finishes.
[mcf].. Why did you stop?
I don't want you to finish yet. There's something else I want to try.
Okay.. What is it?
Ever since I pulled her panties down I wanted to bury my face in her.
Oh my god.. That feels incredible!
Oh my god! What are you doing?? That's amazing.
That feels even better than your fingers. Don't stop. Please don't stop.
[mcf].. I'm starting to feel funny again. Like there's a pocket of fire in my stomach.
I guess she's had enough. I should speed up and make this an experience to remember.
OOOooooohh! Ho- holy cow! [mcf] something is about to happen. I feel really warm.
OOoohh! Oh my god! [mcf]! I'm hot and tingly all over!! what's happening?
It's okay, that's meant to happen. It feels good right?
Ahhhhhhhh.... It feels amazing, I don't know how else to describe it other than everything feels good.
What did you do to me?
I told you that I wanted to make you feel good. So that's what I did.
Does that happen every time?
It really depends. I hope I'm able to make you feel that way every time.
That was intense. I'm still shaking some.
We can stop here if you want to, Give you time to collect yourself.
Oh no no no, go sit down over there. I'll be fine. I want to make you feel good too.
I won't say no to that.
That was fun. I'm happy I was able to make her finish. I was nervous I wouldn't be able to but that wasn't bad at all.
Are you ready?
Ready as I'll ever be.
Yeah, I think this gives that away.
I hope I can make you feel how you made me feel.
Don't worry about that, just have fun with it.
I just can't get over how big it is, How do you carry this around all day?
It's not that bad, it's only an issue if I get hard in public.
So you're saying I should tease you in public?
Sure, let's go with that.
Can I lick it?
You can do whatever you want.
Oh fuck that feels good.
Mmm, what about this?
Mhmmmm yes, keep going. You're doing great.
Your mouth feels amazing. Just keep sucking on it like that.
You can tell she's nervous and doesn't really know what she's doing.
She's trying her best though and it still feels damn good.
All the excitement from getting her off and this finally happening has me close to the edge already.
Ohhh shittttt! Jesus... Holy... I think I just came a ton.
That was amazing [g1].
Jesus I did cum a lot. You can spit that out if you want to.
Did you just swallow it?
Yep! That was fun. I've heard that it doesn't taste good but I liked it.
I'm one fucking lucky man.
I'm glad you liked it. I was nervous but that was really fun.
I feel the same, I was nervous but that was fun as fuck.
I know you have to leave really soon but can we cuddle for a minute? I just feel really close to you right now and I want you to hold me for a minute.
Of course we can. Climb up here.
I wish we could lay here forever. Just the two of us.
I do too. But sadly life has to go on.
So how do you feel about everything that just happened?
I'm happy we finally did it. I know we still have a lot more to do but it feels good to make progress.
Today was a big leap.
Yeah it's going to take some time before we get used to this. Things will only get easier though.
I'm excited for next time. If you didn't have to leave I'd say we should try something else.
As much as I would love to do that I have to pick up [am].
I know.. What are you two going to do?
I'm gonna take her on a trip down memory lane. I'm gonna take her to our first home and go through some of the more memorable things.
Awh, that's so sweet. Well I don't want to make you late for that. We should get up.
As much as I hate it, you're right.
I would say that if you wanted to you could come over after you're done and we could hang out some more but I have to help my sister pack. I still have a few things to pack as well.
It's okay, we're going to have a very long car ride to hang out.
True, I just wish my sister wasn't going. I know she can find a ride herself.
Come on, it's a big RV. We'll stay on the opposite side of wherever she is. It'd be fucked up not to take her.
Yeah, I know. Is there any private space on the RV?
Are you asking that for the reason I think you're asking it?
Maybeeeeee.
We'll see. If [am] falls asleep we might can try something.
Wait, is [am] going? I thought you two had to wait a few weeks before she could rent a place?
Oh shit, I let that slip without even thinking.
I found a place for her. But she doesn't know about it yet. I'm gonna tell her on our date.
That's amazing.. She's going to be ecstatic. Are you going to be living there too?
I'll tell you more about it tonight. I really need to get dressed.
Okay, go get dressed. I don't want to make you late.
I sure hope I don't smell weird. I don't know if sex smell stays or not.
I don't really have time to worry about it anyway.
There we go, this should do. Now just to say bye to [g1] then go pick her up.
Oh wow, you clean up nice.
Awh, you have your shirt back on. I was hoping to get one more look before I left.
I would but I don't want you to have to carry around that big thing. So let's keep it calm for now.
You're right, these pants are pretty tight so that wouldn't be fun.
I will give you a goodbye kiss though.
I really hope she washed her mouth after swallowing or else this is a little awkward.
Don't worry. I rinsed my mouth out.
What? I wasn't even thinking about that.
Mhmm, sure you weren't.
We'll be at your place tonight around 10. You and your sis going to be ready by then?
Oh yeah, we'll be ready. And I'll be waiting on you. So go tucker [am] out so she goes to bed early tonight.
I'll try my best, see you tonight babe.
See you baby.
15 minutes later
This isn't the usual receptionist. Oh well. I should ask him where [am] is.
What the fuck is he wearing?
How may I help you?
Uhh, do you know where [am] is? She works here and I'm here to pick her up.
Oh yes I was told to tell you that she has a few last minute things she has to take care of.
While you wait you're free to go into the meeting room, there's plenty of comfy seats to sit in in there.
Okay, I'll do that. Thank you.
No problem sir.
Hopefully [am] doesn't take too long. I've never done well when I have to wait like this.
Guess I'll just sit down.
Rooms like this kinda creep me out. It's like I'm not meant to be in them.
It's a weird vibe. This is where they come together to make their decisions. A lot of thought and effort is made in this room.
And here I am just killing time. I wonder if I'd be heading to one of these rooms if I didn't find basketball.
Be taking orders and not having my opinion heard. Just a brainless day one after another.
I should really take a step back and realize how great my life is now. I don't think I appreciate it enough.
It wasn't that long ago I was a kid with no parents and nowhere to go.
Now I have [am] and am off to college. I don't know where I'd be if I didn't have [am].
Uhh, can I help you?
Oh, my apologies. I was told I could wait in here.
What are you waiting on?
I'm waiting on [am]. The guy downstairs said she was almost done and to wait in here.
Oh you must be [mcf]. [am] talks about you all the time.
It's nice to finally meet you. I'm her boss, Rachael.
It's nice to meet you too. I've heard a lot about you as well.
Good things hopefully.
You know [am], she couldn't speak badly about someone even if she wanted to.
Well good. Do you mind if I keep you company while you wait? I was coming in here to take a break.
Sure, I don't mind at all.
So you're the one and only [mcf].
You should have seen [am] today. She could barely work. All she's talked about is how she wants to spend the day with you.
I'm sorry about that, I promised her we would hang out after I picked her up.
Don't worry about it. She's entitled to one non perfect day. She's been nothing but perfect for me for years. I'm sad that she's leaving.
I have her replacement lined up. I doubt she's half the worker your mom is but I got to have someone.
Really? Is her replacement ready to handle the job now?
She's been being trained for the past week. She's doing well. Why?
I found out today that WVM is giving me my own house to stay in. Meaning if it's okay with you. She would be able to come with me tonight.
Wow, that's fantastic news. [am] is going to be so excited. I doubt I'd be able to stop her from going if I tried.
Does that mean that you're okay with it?
Okay is a stretch because I'm going to miss her. But sure. Her replacement should be ready enough.
Thank you so much. You're a lifesaver.
I doubt she would have survived the weeks by herself. You're all she talks about. I don't know how she would function without you.
I have a bit of a personal question. I've heard different things when I've asked. Are you [am]'s son?
Kind of. She's not my biological mom but she has taken care of me by herself for most of my life. So I consider her my mom. That's why we are so close.
What's the story there? Are you two related at all? What happened to your parents?
No, [am] was just a friend of my dad.
My real mom left when I was a toddler. I don't really remember anything about her.
I'm sorry to hear that, why did she leave?
From what I was told, she just wasn't ready to be a parent. She tried for a few years but the stress of it all got to her and she had to leave.
I don't know how much of that is the truth but that's the only answer I've ever gotten.
That's awful, what about your dad? What happened to him? I'm sorry for the 21 questions.
Me and my dad moved to this side of the country after my mom left. He wanted a fresh start for us.
Things were good for a long time. Until one day while I was at school he got into a car accident.
I didn't know about it until I got home from school, [am] and a cop were on my porch. They told me everything.
Ever since then I've been living with [am].
That's awful. I'm sorry for being nosy and bringing it all up.
It's okay. I had a tough childhood but everything worked out. I couldn't be happier now.
Well that's great. It seems like [am] raised you right. You seem like a nice and intelligent young man. If the basketball thing doesn't work out then I will always have a job for you here.
I appreciate that, hopefully the basketball thing does work out though.
Of course, and I'm sure it will.
I have one more personal question. It's about [am] this time.
All right, I'll answer it if I can.
Have you ever seen her with a man? I've tried to hook her up with some of my friends before but she always turns them down. And I've never seen her with anyone else.
No I haven't. She's always been the kind to go to work then come home and just relax. I've never seen her with anyone else.
Isn't that strange to you? She's a hot woman and she should be living her life. Don't you think?
I think she is living her life. If she wanted to be with someone then she would be.
You two aren't a thing are you?
No?, what are you talking about?
I'm just asking. I don't judge. You're both hot adults living together.
It would make sense, is all I'm saying.
No, I don't think about her that way.
Why not? Don't think she's pretty?
She's very pretty. She's probably the most beautiful woman I know.
Then why not? She thinks the world of you and you think the world of her. You two might be meant for each other.
I'm her son. It's not like that.
You're not her real son. Plus you're not a kid anymore. You could still be her boy. You could also be her man now too though.
Living under the same roof. Both of you love and care for one another. All it would take is a romantic movie and some wine.
One little kiss leading into everything else..
Stop it, I don't want to think about her like that.
Come on, you might be that missing piece in her life.
She seems plenty happy how it is now.
But you could be making her even happier, don't you think she deserves that?
You're talking crazy. Can we please talk about something else?
Fine, I'll drop it. I just want to see [am] happy.
I'm just saying If I had a man like you at home.. things would happen.
Do you not have a husband?
Nope, all my free time goes to this business so I've never had time to have anything serious.
I've tried before but I just can't do the whole relationship thing.
What about you? Since you're clearly not with [am]. Are you in a relationship?
Yeah I've been in one for about two months now.
How's that going?
What do you mean? Everything is going good.
Does she treat you right? Does she make you happy?
Yeah, she's great.
Is she good in bed?
What kind of question is that?
It's pretty straight forward? Is she good in the sack?
Come on, we've talked about everything else. Is this where you draw your line?
Fine.. Me and her haven't done anything yet.
A guy like you? Why not?
She wants to take things slow. I agreed.
You said two months right? That's pretty damn slow.
You don't have to remind me.
Ahh, I see. Do you have any side girls? Are you loyal to her?
So far I am.
So far? Does that means you have plans to not be in the future?
Nothing planned. But I'm a realist. I know the relationship is still new and many things can happen. I don't think I'd cheat on her but life is weird.
Fair enough, what do you consider cheating?
Cheating is cheating, what do you mean?
Well she's not providing you everything that you need. Don't you miss being intimate with a woman?
I guess, we actually fooled around a bit before I came here. So things are starting to move.
Good, at least you're not being completely blue balled. Still, nothing beats the actual thing.
Listen, we're stuck in this room for the next 20 minutes. I think you're hot and It's been a bit since I've been laid.
No feelings, no cheating. Just two adults having fun and you can learn from it and be better for her.
What do you say?
Yes I am. I've never cheated before.
What do you consider cheating?
Cheating is cheating, what do you mean?
Well she's not providing you everything that you need. Don't you miss being intimate with a woman?
I guess, we actually fooled around a bit before I came here. So things are starting to move.
Good, at least you're not being completely blue balled. Still, nothing beats the actual thing.
Listen, we're stuck in this room for the next 20 minutes. I think you're hot and It's been a bit since I've been laid.
No feelings, no cheating. Just two adults having fun and you can learn from it and be better for her.
No one will ever know. This would hurt me way more than it would hurt you.
What do you say?
You're a beautiful lady and I'm flattered. But what if someone walked in?
I'm pretty sure we're safe in here but you're right. It's still risky. I could get us in a lot of trouble and I doubt your mom would like hearing about it.
Maybe some other time then.
Maybe, if I'm single.
I'll definitely keep that in mind.
When you put it that way. If it helps me be prepared to give [g1] a good time, and no one will ever know.
Sure, I want to make sure [g1] will enjoy it. Are you sure it's safe in here?
Oh yeah. No one else will come into this room today.
What am I getting myself into?
I've never cheated before, this feels wrong. Is this even cheating?
Fuck me, of course it is. Why am I doing this?
I'm here now though, might as well just enjoy it and learn whatever I can. After all she does have great tits and I'd be an idiot to pass those down.
I can't wait to see them out of that dress.
I can just about imagine what they look like underneath.
Oh yeah. Big tits with puffy nipples no doubt.
Were you just checking me out?
Uhh. Yeah.
That's sweet of you.
How so? I just agreed to have 'fun' with you. Of course I'm going to check you out.
Yeah but most guys will fuck anything willing. It's different to be caught staring at her breasts.
Yeah.. I guess so. So how do you want to start this?
Well we do need to be quick before [am] shows up. Let's just skip all the boring shit and you just fuck me on that table.
Wow, you're not fucking around.
So since that's off the table, what else is there to talk about?
Uhhmmm.. Anything new going on with the business?
Not really. Not with this one anyway.
What other business do you have?
I'm kind of a fixer. Like if someone needs something I have a lot of connections and I make it happen.
Oh wow, what are some examples? Anything illegal?
I'm not a saint but I keep it as legal as I can. It can be anything from getting a good pool guy to setting up high level people. With a whole lot in between.
So you're saying you're a good person to know?
Very much so. If you ever need anything I can probably help you get it. I can't tell you how or where. But I can get it.
Super bowl tickets?
Of course. What seat?
Ha, that was just a test... but that's cool. Seems a bit stressful though.
It can be. Some people can ask for some ridiculous things and be really picky about it.
If you weren't such a nice guy I'd have work for you.
Like what kind of work?
Some crazy shit. I'm talking impregnating hot older rich women.
I know a bunch of women who want kids but either their husbands are impotent or just not what they want their kid to be like. Or they're women like me who don't have time or want to put in the effort to find someone.
Basically they would want a man like you. Handsome and athletic with good genes to give them a baby.
Wow, I can't say I expected that.
Told you, crazy shit. Maybe if you change your mind about your morals we can discuss this again later.
Yeah, maybe.
No, I'm not. Like we've said. There isn't much time. And I could really use a cock.
This silly dress will just be in the way.
Don't you agree?
Absolutely. Can't have it in our way.
So, what do you think? Are they like in your head?
Even better. They're amazing.
Then what are you doing way over there? You're not like [am] in the bed too are you?
As much as I think the humble act is cute, I want a man in the bedroom. Not a pussy.
I'm sure your girlfriend is the same.
Oh she wants to play it like that. I can show her.
Ohhh! There he is!
You want a man in the bedroom huh? You're about to get more than that.
That's a lot of talk for someone who hasn't pulled their dick out yet. I hope it lives up to what you're saying.
Close your eyes. Let it be a surprise.
Nuh uh, you're not there yet. I like to be talked down to. Call me your slut.
Close your fucking eyes you dirty slut.
You're a real surprise. Let's just hope you don't disappoint now.
I hope your pussy is ready for me. I'm through waiting.
It's ready. Shove all of it in me.
I'll start with half
Oooo! Not bad.
That's not a bad cock [mcf]. It's not the longest I've ever had but it's thick as fuck.
Who said I was through yet?
What?
OOOOHH! Holy shit you're in my fucking guts!
What the fuck [mcf]? How is your dick that big? You're making my legs numb just being inside of me!
You said you wanted a man. So I'm giving my slut a man.
I should have known you sooner. A man with a dick like that shouldn't go to waste.
What are you waiting on? Fuck me! Punish your little slut's tight vagina for not believing you.
Ooo! That's it, stretch me out!
You're tight as fuck.
I won't be for long if that stays in me. I've never seen one half this big.
How does it feel?
Your little slut loves it. Every thrust is putting butterflies in my stomach.
I can't describe how amazing it is. I'm about to cum.
I am too. I won't last much longer.
Cum inside of me! I don't mind.
OOOHHhhh!! Hold it there! I'm cumming!
I am too! Holy fuck!
Fuck me it feels like my dick just exploded in you. That was intense.
I can feel your load in me. That was amazing. You made your slut happy.
Did your slut make you happy?
Incredibly. I think this is the most fun I'll ever have in a meeting room.
It's definitely the best thing that will ever happen in here.
Now if you'll excuse me I'm gonna clean myself up a bit.
Where are you going?
I told you. I'm gonna clean myself up.
Won't someone see you if you walk out?
It's just a storage closet with a mirror in it. Get dressed before [am] walks in.
Don't have to tell me twice.
If [am] was to walk in I would be screwed. There's no explaining this one.
Luckily we got through it without anyone interrupting us.
OOOHHhhh!! Hold it there! I'm cumming!
I am too! Holy fuck!
Fuck me it feels like my dick just exploded all over you. That was intense.
I can feel your load all over me. That was amazing. You made your slut happy.
You could have came inside me though.
Instincts took over.
Did your slut make you happy?
Incredibly. I think this is the most fun I'll ever have in a meeting room.
It's definitely the best thing that will ever happen in here.
Now if you'll excuse me I'm gonna clean myself up a bit.
Where are you going?
I told you. I'm gonna clean myself up.
Won't someone see you if you walk out?
It's just a storage closet with a mirror in it. Get dressed before [am] walks in.
Don't have to tell me twice.
If [am] was to walk in I would be screwed. There's no explaining this one.
Luckily we got through it without anyone interrupting us.
Now it's just like nothing ever happened. I'm gonna have dreams about that dick.
So how was I? Think I'm good enough for my girlfriend?
I think she's a very lucky lady. Let's leave it at that.
Phew, all right. Time to act like nothing happened.
So since that's over, what else is there to do?
Uhhmmm.. Anything new going on with the business?
Really? That's what you got?
Have to be safe now. [am] could walk in any second.
Well business wise not really. Not with this one anyway.
What other business do you have?
I'm kind of a fixer. Like if someone needs something I have a lot of connections and I make it happen.
Oh wow, what are some examples? Anything illegal?
I'm not a saint but I keep it as legal as I can. It can be anything from getting a good pool guy to setting up high level people. With a whole lot in between.
So you're saying you're a good person to know?
Very much so. If you ever need anything I can probably help you get it. I can't tell you how or where. But I can get it.
Super bowl tickets?
Of course. What seat?
Ha, that was just a test... but that's cool. Seems a bit stressful though.
It can be. Some people can ask for some ridiculous things and be really picky about it.
In fact I have a few things that you might could help with. It comes with pay.
What is it? Nothing too crazy right?
Depends on your definition of crazy. Now just hear me out.
I know a bunch of women who want kids but either their husbands are impotent or just not what they want their kid to be like. Or they're women like me who don't have time or want to put in the effort to find someone.
Basically they would want a man like you. Handsome and athletic with good genes to give them a baby. I know it sounds crazy but there are a bunch of reasons to do it.
It does sound crazy. I don't want to have to take care of a bunch of kids. I'm still a kid myself.
You won't take care of anyone. They'll all sign contracts saying you're nothing but a donor and that they can't reveal who you are. They're all rich women who can take care of them.
So would I have to fuck all of them? Or do I just send them cum or something?
Well it's very much preferred that you have sex with them. Cumming in a tube or whatever will not be as successful. You'll get paid way less and most girls wouldn't want that option.
You would be helping a lot of women out. Doesn't hurt that you'd make money in the process.
Like I said I have a lot of picky girls. I need someone like you. Are you interested?
Yes I guess I am. After what you did for me and [am] today, with letting her leave early. I owe you this.
Plus I like the idea of being able to help women achieve their dreams of motherhood.
Thank you! You're saving me here. Do you need any more details?
It's gonna sound vain but are these women going to be hot? It would help a ton. Also what is the pay like?
You will only be sent women you approve of. I'll get in touch with you and send you pictures to see if you're interested in them.
And the pay will be around 4 grand a woman. I'll be honest in saying I'll be keeping around eighty percent of the money but that's a finders fee.
I'm also going to be the one paying for their flights and anything else that comes up.
4 grand?! Just to have sex with someone?
Well it may be many times. The whole point is that they want to get pregnant. Well most of them do anyways.
That makes sense. Who is the first girl?
I'm gonna start you out easy. I have a few girls who will be a little intense so I'm gonna start you off with a sweetheart I know that wants a child.
Good, I'd like that. What does she look like?
She's busty with a great ass. I'm actually meant to meet with her tonight. I'll take some pictures of her then and send them to you.
Do you have my number?
You're [am]'s emergency contact so I should. I'll send them sometime tonight. Just be ready to respond. If things go well then I'll send her on a flight to you tomorrow.
I'll keep an eye on my phone.
Thank you again, I'm happy to be doing business with you.
*KNOCK, KNOCK*
There you are!
I've been looking for you. I was told you were in the meeting room on the other side of the building.
I'm sorry you had to wait so long.
That's all right. I had Rachael keep me company. How was work?
It went well. I couldn't stop staring at the clock though.
I'm sorry I couldn't spend more of today with you. We only have half a day left together.
Don't think about it like that. It's not that long.
I know. I'll try my best to not think about it. So where are you going to take me?
You'll see.
You weren't lying about your son [am]. He's a complete gentleman. I'm glad I finally got to meet him.
I know, you two should have met a long time ago.
Better late than never though.
But yeah, he's pretty great. I don't know what I'd do without him.
He said the same thing about you.
I won't hold you two. I know you have a date planned.
I appreciate it, I'll be back first thing tomorrow morning.
Sure you will. Well it was nice meeting you [mcf]. Can I get a goodbye hug?
Sure.
*Whispering* I wish I could see her face when you tell her.
*Whispering* Anyway I'll text you the details about the woman after I get back to my office. If you're interested in her then we'll figure out the rest.
*Whispering* I'm excited to see her.
*Whispering* And I will see you soon myself.
I really hope [am] didn't hear any of that. It's time to get out of here though.
I don't know. That's a bit crazy for me. I don't know how I feel about getting women pregnant.
That's fine. I know it's a crazy ask. Not many people would be interested in it.
But if you ever change your mind then the offer still stands.
I'll keep it in mind. If my mind ever changes I'll let you know.
That's all I ask for. Just tell me if anything changes.
*KNOCK, KNOCK*
There you are!
I've been looking for you. I was told you were in the meeting room on the other side of the building.
I'm sorry you had to wait so long.
That's all right. I had Rachael keep me company. How was work?
It went well. I couldn't stop staring at the clock though.
I'm sorry I couldn't spend more of today with you. We only have half a day left together.
Don't think about it like that. It's not that long.
I know. I'll try my best to not think about it. So where are you going to take me?
You'll see.
You weren't lying about your son [am]. He's a complete gentleman. I'm glad I finally got to meet him.
I know, you two should have met a long time ago.
Better late than never though.
But yeah, he's pretty great. I don't know what I'd do without him.
He said the same thing about you.
I won't hold you two. I know you have a date planned.
I appreciate it, I'll be back first thing tomorrow morning.
Sure you will. Well it was nice meeting you [mcf]. Can I get a goodbye hug?
Sure.
*Whispering* I wish I could see her face when you tell her.
*Whispering* I hope I get to see you again soon.
*Whispering* It's a tiny world. I'm sure our paths will cross sometime.
*Whispering* I hope they do. Anyways have a nice date with [am].
I will, and it was nice meeting you too.
Thank you for picking me up. How was meeting Rachael?
She's nice. She means well.
She wasn't weird to you was she?
What do you mean?
Rachael is a lovely woman but she isn't always so family friendly.
Yeah I noticed. It was fine though. I'm not a kid anymore.
I know, I was just making sure. So how long is this drive going to be?
Not long. Just driving to the other side of town. So buckle up and we'll be on our way.
The old mobile home isn't far. I hope it doesn't weird her out to see it again.
I don't know if her memories of it are as fond as mine.
10 minutes later.
What are we doing here [mcf]?? I haven't thought about this place in forever.
I figured we could take a trip down memory lane. Do you remember this place?
Of course I do. This is the first place we moved into after I got custody of you.
We stayed here for a few years until I got the job I have now. We sure have came a long way since then.
Do you want to go inside?
Do you have the keys?
Yep, I talked to the guy who owns it and it's up for sale and it has open viewings. So the door is unlocked.
Okay, sure then. Let's go inside.
This is insane. I never thought I'd be going back inside of here.
Yeah to be honest me neither. But life is crazy like that.
The memories are all rushing back. I remember making breakfast every morning.
Yeah I remember that too. I used to love waking up to it.
It has been a while since I've made breakfast. Whenever we get our new place I'll need to start again.
I would love that. I remember everything being a lot bigger. I feel like I don't fit in here.
Ha, you have grown a ton since then.
I remember how we had to share a bed because there was only one and we both hated the couch.
I forgot about that. I used to love that to be honest. I slept really well then.
Yeah I did too.
But the reason I brought you here was to show you how much both of us has grown.
We're both strong people and I am so lucky to have you in my life. I don't know where I'd be if you didn't take me in.
It was the best decision I've ever made. I don't know where I'd be without you either.
The original plan was to go through all the places we've been. Show our growth and say that we're going to make it through these few weeks no problem.
I don't think that's necessary now though.
What do you mean?
I got some news today from Damien.
We don't have to look for a place for us anymore. The school is providing us with a house and a car and everything.
Are you serious?!! Are you sure?!
Yes I'm dead serious. Not only that but I talked to Rachael about you leaving early and she agreed. So you're coming with us tonight mom.
[mcf]!! Why did you wait this long to tell me?!
I just found out a few hours ago. I wanted to have a special moment.
You know, open the next chapter of our lives in the first chapter of our lives.
I love you and how thoughtful you are. Am I really going with you tonight?
Yes you are. Damien is getting some rest right now and then we're going to head out.
Are you crying?
I can't help it. I was so sad about you leaving.. I'm just really happy right now.
I've never seen you cry before.
I've never seen you cry either. So if you want to cry right now it would make us even.
Ha, you're funny. So are you excited?
Are you serious? I'm off the rails right now. My heart is flying.
How did you not know about the house?
Damien talked as if it was a given that they'd give me my own place. But no one ever talked to me about it.
They told me things like getting me endorsements from some of the local restaurants and things like that but nothing about a home or a car.
Is the home nice? Do you know?
Damien said it was nice. I don't know though. We're going to see it at the same time.
It doesn't matter. As long as we're together it's nice to me.
Same here. We made this place special so I'm sure we can make whatever it is special too.
I really need to call and thank Rachael. Thank you so much for talking to her for me.
Don't mention it, she was cool with it right away. I didn't do much except ask. 
That's not all though. I also got you a-
Oh my god! I just realized I have to pack!
Come on! We have to go home so I can start packing!
Welp, there goes me giving her here necklace here as well.
Oh well, it can wait until later.
Okay, let's go.
25 minutes later
Here we are. Do you need any help packing?
I don't think I will. I'm just going to start with my clothes so I'll be in the laundry room for a bit. Have you finished all of your packing?
Yeah I finished yesterday. I need to help Shauna finish packing sometime today though.
How about you go do that now? If I need any help I'll call and let you know.
Okay, that works.
I'll see you soon. Drive safe.
Nah, I can't leave just yet. I still have to give her this necklace. I don't want to wait anymore.
I still want to surprise her somehow though, uhhhhhh...
I'll just put it around her neck when she's looking away. That's good enough.
Perfect, she's too busy with this to realize I'm behind her.
Now just to get it around her neck without freaking her out.
almost there.. Just have to latch it now.... Got it!
What are you doing?!
[mcf]! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?? You scared me!
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you.
What were you doing?!
You should really look down.
What do you mean?
Oh my god [mcf]... You didn't.
This is just like that necklace I used to wear all the time.
I felt awful when I broke it way back then. I made a promise to you that I'd get you a new one as soon as I could.
It's not exactly like it but it's the closest thing I could find.
It was my favorite necklace. I had forgotten all about it. Thank you so much [mcf].
How much did it cost you?
You don't worry about that. It's a gift that I promised to get you.
No, seriously. I can at least pay half on it.
No seriously, I don't want that. I know how much it meant to you back then.
I just wish I could have gotten a replacement sooner. You need to get used to gifts.
When I make it big I'm going to give you the world. You saved my life. I owe you everything.
Stop talking like that, we're family. You don't owe me anything.
Thank you so much though. I'm trying my best not to cry again.
It's such a beautiful necklace. I'm going to wear it all the time just like the old days.
Today has been such an amazing day. It's all thanks to you.
We really need to celebrate somehow.
If you didn't have to pack I'd say we should go get some dinner.
Can I admit something?
What is it?
I realized about halfway on the way home that I'm going to have to come back here in a few weeks to sign off on the house and all that. So I really only need to pack a few outfits.
I can get all the rest when I come back. It won't take me long to get what I need packed up. I didn't want to seem stupid for being in a rush.
Don't worry about it. I'm sure your head was really scattered.
So do you want to get something to eat? What do you want?
Going back to our first home and thinking about the breakfast I used to cook made me really want french pancakes and toast.
Breakfast for dinner? I'm cool with that. There's that weird coffee place that sells breakfast all day. Do you want to go there?
Yes! Can I get changed out of my work clothes first? I won't be long I promise.
Sure, take your time.
I'm happy she liked the necklace. I was a bit worried it didn't look enough like the original.
But as long as she likes it I'm happy.
After this little dinner date I really do need to go by Shauna's. After that we should be good to leave. Start a new chapter in my life.
10 minutes later
I'm sorry that took longer than I thought it would. I couldn't find a dress I wanted to wear.
The one you picked looks amazing on you. It goes great with your eyes. You look stunning.
Thank you, you're so sweet to me. Are you ready to go?
Wow, that dress sure shows a lot of cleavage.
[am] really is a beautiful woman, she always has been. I wonder why she never did try dating.
Wait, why am I staring at her cleavage? Didn't she ask me a question?
I'm sorry what?
Are you okay? You kind of spaced out there.
Yeah I'm great. I was just looking at the necklace. It looks great on you.
I think so too. I love it. Are you ready to go?
Yes I am. Ladies first.
Jesus that was close. I can't believe I just did that.
I need to get my head straight. No more slip ups like that.
Just need to refocus. Dinner date with [am] then meet up with Shauna. Let's go.
5 minutes later
This place is cozy. Thank you for bringing me here.
No problem, I was really hungry myself. I don't believe I've eaten anything today.
I haven't either, my nerves were too scrambled earlier to eat anything during my lunch break.
What are you going to get?
Exactly what I usually cook. French toast and a pancake, what about you?
Probably the breakfast steak and eggs. I'm pretty hungry so I need something filling.
Well when we get to our new house how about I cook us all a huge dinner?
That sounds great to me.
Good evening, I'll be your waitress this evening. What would you two like to drink?
We'll have two sodas please. Thank you.
No problem, I'll be right back with those.
Why are you looking at me like that?
I think she has a crush on you.
What makes you say that?
How she acted. Plus I can see her looking at you right now.
She's probably wondering what you're doing here with an older woman, wondering if you're single or not.
Nah, what if she's into girls and is wondering when I'll leave for a moment so she can make a move on you.
Probably asking herself 'How is that hotty with that guy?'.
Haha, sure she is. I don't think anyone is looking at me like that.
Nonsense. You could get anyone you wanted.
You're just being nice.. Thank you though.
Here are your two drinks. Do you know what you two want to order?
Yes, french toast and a pancake for her, and for me the steak and eggs.
I'll get that back to the kitchen right away.
Yep, [am] was right. She just ran her hand across my entire arm.
She's looking at me huh?
Hmmm, you might've been right.
Are you going to talk to her?
No, I'm still with [g1], you know that.
Yeah, I know. I was just testing you. Is [g1] going to be moving in with us?
I don't know. She doesn't even know about the house yet. I wanted to tell you first.
But Damien said it was 6 bedrooms. So I'm going to invite both her and Shauna to move in there. Is that okay with you?
Of course it is. As long as we're both there, then I don't care who else is.
I just have one condition.
What is it?
Can our rooms be close together? I'll feel safer with the man of the house close to me.
Sure, I'd prefer that myself too. We'll decide our rooms once we see them.
Mom, can I ask you something sort of personal? Rachael brought it up to me today.
Uh oh, what did she say?
It's nothing bad. I'm just curious.
The entire time I've known you, I've never seen you date or even flirt with someone. Why is that?
You're insanely beautiful so I just don't understand why you never have.
Well that's a simple one. I have you. There's no way another man could make me feel the way I do with you.
You've always been the most reliable man I've ever known, even back when you were a kid. You've never let me down.
You've always been there for me, you've always protected me and cared for me.
I love everything about you and there's no way anyone else could ever compare. So why even try?
I love you too. But don't you ever feel like there might be something missing from your life?
Not at all. I've always liked being single. Relationships have never really made sense to me.
You spend so much time and effort to learn about the fake them just to have the real them slowly exposed to you. It's weird.
Just trust me when I say I'm as happy as I could be. Don't worry about me.
I trust you. I'm sorry for bringing it up and killing the mood.
It's completely fine. Anything you ever want to know about me, just ask. I'll never hide the truth or lie to you.
I'll keep that in mind. Same goes for you.
I'm sorry for the wait. Our chef was on break.
It's okay, we don't mind a little wait.
Was there something wrong with your drinks? They don't look like they've been touched.
They're fine. We've just been caught up in conversation.
Ahh, I see.
Is there anything else I can do for you two?
No we should be good. Thank you though.
Well after you're finished with your meal would you mind coming and talking to me for a second? I have something I need to ask you about.
Uhh sure I guess.
Awesome, just come find me whenever you finish.
Sure, I can do that.
She could have just asked me to leave.
Ha, that's basically what she was getting at huh?
Do you know her from somewhere?
I don't think so. She does seem familiar though. I think I've seen her at a few of my games.
Ahh, so she's a fan. Makes sense.
Yeah I guess so. But let's eat our food before it gets cold. I'm starving.
15 minutes later
Oh wow, I'm full! That was really good.
What do you mean you're full? You had a few pieces of bread and a pancake.
What can I say? That's all it takes.
Listen I need to use the ladies room so you should go ahead and go talk to that girl. Then we can head home and I can get my packing done.
Sounds like a plan to me.
I'll be right back.
Guess it's time to find out what the waitress wants. Where is she at?
There you are! How was your meal?
It was good. So what's up? What do you need to talk to me about?
I don't know if you remember me but we used to be in the same science class in tenth grade.
Oh yeah!.. You were really quiet in that class. I remember that.
Yep, we both were. But anyway there's really no classy way to say this but I've always had a crush on you.
Really? I had no clue.
Please, every girl had a crush on you in that class.
I was too much of a chicken back then to ever talk to you.
You should have talked to me back then. I was at a weird stage where it took a girl blatantly saying she likes me for me to realize it.
I wish I would have known that. Maybe things would be different today.
Maybe so. Are you going to college?
Yes, I got accepted to my dream school.
That's great. I hope things go well.
Thank you. But back on my original topic. I wish things could be different today.
But you're leaving and I'm going to be going to a college on the other side of the country, so this is probably the last time either one of us will ever see each other.
Basically what I'm trying to get to is.. Do you want to go with me into the bathroom? I'm on break for the next twenty minutes.
Wow, I can't say I expected that. I thought you were an innocent girl.
I am, it's just this is the last time I'll ever see you. It's something I've wanted for a long time.
I used to sit in class and think about it. So when I saw you walk in today I got nervous. But fuck it. Do you want to do it?
I have a girlfriend now... If she found out I did something like this she would be devastated.
Oh, I'm sorry.. I didn't know. It's cute that you're loyal.
I had sex with Rachael earlier. It was under the premise of it being practice for [g1].
I could apply the same logic to this. But at that point am I being logical or just selfish?
Before today I would have said no instantly. Why am I changing from that? Maybe it's just nerves of going to WVM.
If I do this it's to be the best I can be for [g1].
We can do it.
Really? Great! I thought you were going to say no after the whole girlfriend thing.
I was going to. Me and her haven't had sex yet and I want to be the best I can be for her.
Oh... Okay.
Don't get me wrong. You're a beautiful girl and I'm lucky that you asked me.
It's just I wouldn't do it normally.
You don't have to explain yourself. I'm just happy you said yes. So are you ready?
Lead the way.
Hopefully [am] takes her time in the bathroom. Then again there's only one wall seperating us so I'll need to keep it down.
I also need to be quick. If I take too long I'll run the risk of [am] walking in to check on me.
All right, so I'm gonna head into the stall. You stay out here for a second and make sure no one is coming to check on us.
You got it.
Coast seems clear.
If anyone saw us and was coming to see what we were doing they would already have came in.
I think we're clear.
Okay just give me one second. and... okay, come on in.
Wow, you look fantastic.
Thank you, don't get shy on me now. Come in.
I'm so glad you walked through those doors tonight.
Now do you want me to lay down like this?
Or do you want me standing like this?
I think I'd prefer standing myself.
That doesn't matter until you're undressed though. May I?
Go right ahead.
Oh, not bad. Not bad at all.
Damn, she just stuck it in her mouth with no warning.
I can feel my dick growing in her mouth. She's barely reacting though.
Mmmm, how big is your dick [mcf]? It keeps growing!
I've never actually measured it. I'm proud of it though.
I'm sure you are. I would be too. I've never had one this big before.
Can you handle it?
Only one way to find out. How do you want to fuck me?
We have to be quick. And standing seems easiest.
Fuck yeah, show me what I've been missing out on these years.
Your dick is so fucking huge, you're stretching out my tiny pussy!
If it's too much just tell me to stop.
No way! Plant it deep inside of me! I want to feel you as deep as you can go.
If that's what she wants that's what I'm gonna give her.
HOLY SHIT! You're so fucking huge my body is trying to push you out!
Please don't stop. I need more. Fuck me hard, make me your little slut.
This isn't at all the girl I remember, she was quiet and awkward. I got to say I like the new her.
What are you waiting on? Do you want me to beg?
Please fuck me! I've been a naughty girl and you need to punish me with that cock. Ram my tiny pussy with that huge cock. Make my legs go numb please!
Oh fuck yes daddy. Fulfill 15 year old me's dreams.
You like being fucked in a bathroom stall? By a man you'll never see again?
I fucking love it. I'm your whore. Use me.
I will. I'm gonna give you something to remember me by. I'm going to cum deep inside of you.
Yes please daddy! I want all of it. Plant it inside of me.
Oh shit I'm cumming!.
Yes! Give me it all, it's so deep in me! I want every drop you have!
My entire body is pulsing! That was so fucking good! If I had known you were like this we would have been fucking everyday!
Is everything good? Are you okay?
Uooohhhh.... I'm fucking fantastic. I can't describe it. Everything feels good. It's like I'm high on every drug right now.
Thank you for this. You were so fucking good. I love being your little slut.
You can be my slut whenever you want to be. Am I good to leave? I have someone waiting on me.
Oooo... Yeah.. I'll be good. I'm just gonna sit here for a while. Hopefully we'll have the chance to fuck again one day. See you [mcf]
See you. Good luck in college.
What a little freak. That was fucking fun though. Cumming in her was probably a step too far but I just lost control.
On the bright side.. I think I'm ready to impress [g1].
I have to get back to [am] now. I feel bad for leaving her by herself while I was doing this. But that was too good to turn down.
Hey [am], I'm right here.
Where did you go? I was starting to get worried that you ditched me for that girl.
I would never ditch you. I went to talk to that girl and then went to use the bathroom myself.
What did she want? If I can ask.
It turns out we used to be in the same class. She just wanted to catch up.
Awh that's sweet. Did you get her number?
Noo, it wasn't like that. She was just being friendly. Are you ready to leave?
Yeah I'm good to go whenever.
All right, let me go pay and then we can leave.
Don't worry about it. I already paid.
[am].. This was my treat.
You already got me this necklace and a place to stay. The very least I can do is buy dinner.
I guess that's fair. I won't fight you on it. Well thank you for the dinner.
No problem. Let's get out of here. I need to pack now.
Sure thing. let's go.
Yeah, I wouldn't feel right doing this. You're a beautiful woman though. It's just I'm not single.
Okay... That's fine. I respect you being loyal.
Maybe one day we'll meet again and maybe things will be different then.
Maybe so.
Well I'll let you go then. Sorry for this.
It's fine. I'm truly flattered. You're a very hot young woman. It's just if I found out my girlfriend was with some guy in a bathroom I'd go ballistic.
So it'd be pretty shitty of me to go and do it myself.
When you put it that way I really can't be upset. I wish there were more guys like you.
Good luck at WVM [mcf]. It was nice seeing you again.
Good luck to you too. Have a nice evening.
Jesus, what's with girls hitting on me today? I can't go two hours without someone trying to get under my pants.
Is this what it's like to be a woman that constantly gets hit on and cat called? That shit would suck.
I wonder if [am] is out of the restroom yet. I'm ready to leave
Hey [am], I'm right here.
Where did you go? I was starting to get worried that you ditched me for that girl.
I would never ditch you. I went to talk to that girl and then went to use the bathroom myself.
What did she want? If I can ask.
It turns out we used to be in the same class. She just wanted to catch up.
Awh that's sweet. Did you get her number?
Noo, it wasn't like that. She was just being friendly. Are you ready to leave?
Yeah I'm good to go whenever.
All right, let me go pay and then we can leave.
Don't worry about it. I already paid.
[am].. This was my treat.
You already got me this necklace and a place to stay. The very least I can do is buy dinner.
I guess that's fair. I won't fight you on it. Well thank you for the dinner.
No problem. Let's get out of here. I need to pack now.
Sure thing. let's go.
5 minutes later
Thank you for driving me home.
Don't mention it. Do you need any help packing your clothes?
No I should be fine. I'm only going to pack what I think I'll need. Worst comes to worst I'll just get some new things there.
Plus don't you still have to help Shauna? I bet she's stressed trying to pack alone.
Yeah I should go help her. You promise you're good here?
Yes I promise. If I need anything I will call you.
I won't be too long. I'm just gonna go over there and help and then I'll be back here to help you put everything in the RV.
That sounds great. I'm so excited to see our new place. I'm going to barely sleep tonight.
Same here. Late night road trips usually knock me out though. There's a bed in the RV that you can use.
We can both use it. It will be like old times.
Sure, we can do that. I'll be back soon mom. I love you.
I love you too, see you soon.
12 minutes later
Oh man, Shauna must have fallen asleep waiting on me.
She did say she barely slept last night.
She's even wearing something sexy for me. When did she even get that?
That giant dinosaur isn't there anymore. She must be bringing it with her.
Luckily it's a big RV or else we wouldn't have room for a giant stuffed dinosaur.
She seems so peaceful in her sleep. I wonder what she's dreaming about.
Whatever it is it's about to end.
Shaunaaaa, it's time to wake upppp. We have things we need to doooo.
That got her to roll over at least.
That outfit really is sexy. Her boobs are really nice.
She was here waiting for me, probably so excited and ready for me to walk in. But her body betrayed her.
That doesn't matter though. This might be our only chance to do anything for a while, I'm not gonna let that slip away.
*slightly louder* Shaunaaaaa.. You need to get uppppp.
*Yawns* Huh? What's happening?
It's [mcf]. I'm sorry it took so long but I'm here.
Oh my god. I'm sorry I fell asleep. I didn't mean to. How long have you been here?
Not long at all. I just came in a few minutes ago.
Good. I really didn't mean to fall asleep. I was just really tired.
It's fine. If you want I can let you get some more sleep.
No!.. I mean. I'll be able to sleep on the way there. I want to spend now with you.
I was worried that you might have changed your mind. Or that I just imagined it all or something.
My mind hasn't changed at all. I'm sorry It took so long for me to get here. Me and [am] went out to eat after our little date.
How is she doing with everything?
She's doing great, better than you'd think.
Well that's good to hear. I'm worried about her. I know how much you two rely on each other.
I'm sorry but I can't go on anymore without addressing this. Your outfit is sexy as hell. When did you get it?
Oh my god! I forget I even put this on. I thought you might like it but I feel really silly in it and I'm sure I look silly.
You look sexy. I love it.
Really? It's not that silly?
Not in any way. I've always loved fish net. And you know you have a fantastic body. You could pull off almost anything.
You didn't answer my other question though. When did you get it?
All right, now I'll look silly. I went by a store on my way home and I wanted to surprise you with it.
It's definitely a surprise. a much welcome one.
I'm glad you think so. So what do you want to do?
I want you to show off that outfit for me. Let me get a good look.
Like this? How does it look?
I'm not noticing the outfit as much as I am your boobs. I love them.
Awh, you can play with them anytime you want to. They're yours. All of me is.
Turn around for me, I want to see the other side.
How does this side look?
My brain is empty right now. Your ass is so nice that it made my entire brain just stop.
I'm glad you like the outfit. I'm even more glad that you find me sexy.
So what next? You got a good look at me. What do you want to do with me?
I want to do everything with you. I don't know where to start.
Was our kiss earlier your first?
Yes, it was. Was it that bad?
No, it was actually good. I liked it.
Do you want to do it again?
Oh wow!, a simple yes would've worked too.
But actions speak louder than words.
Me and Shauna feel right, It feels like our energies just go together. I feel the same way about [g1] though.
Still good? I really like kissing you.
They're great. I like kissing you too.
Before we do anything else can we talk for a second?
Of course, is everything okay?
Yeah, it's just I have a few more questions and I'm sorry to bring this back up but the thing about me still being with [g1]..
What about it?
Are you sure that you're okay with that? Like today when me and [g1] kissed each other you looked sad.
I'm still going to do those things with her. But I don't want you to feel bad when I do them.
I promise you I'm completely okay with it. If that ever changes I will tell you.
I wasn't sad that you were kissing her. I was sad that I never thought I'd get to do that with you.
I just want to be a part of your life. I want to make you happy and I want to be the person that's always there for you.
You were all of those things before today.
I know, I guess there's some selfish feelings there too, but I promise I'll never feel bad about anything you do with [g1].
I have one more question. How long have you been attracted to me?
Honestly? Since the moment you stood up for me way back when we were kids.
Everything about you was so cool and awesome to me. I didn't even know anything about romantic feelings but I've always felt attracted to you. Like we were meant to be near each other.
As we grew older my attraction grew. With your presence in my life and your unconditional support I've grown a ton and my feelings grew with it.
As I gained confidence I thought maybe one day something might happen between us.
Everything about you was cool and awesome to me. I didn't even know I was into boys yet but I knew I was attracted to you.
As we grew older my attraction grew. When I did finally decide to follow my heart and start my transistion, you were a big reason why.
What do you mean?
Well I've always felt like I was a woman. But a big motivation to actually go through with it was that I thought if I did it..
Maybe there would be a chance that you would be into me and we could maybe end up where we are now.
When you're as beautiful of a woman as you are then there's no limit to where you could end up.
Thank you. I love it when you compliment me. I know you mean it so it really means the world to me.
Are there any more questions?
Nope, that's all I have.
If you have anymore don't hesitate to ask. I want to make sure you know how committed I am to this.
Would you mind if I go use the restroom? I want to freshen up a bit before we do anything else.
I don't mind at all.. as long as you give me another kiss first.
How about a deal? I'll do that if when I come back you're completely nude.
Complete nudity for a kiss? That seems a bit skewed. How about if I do that. I get that kiss and you have to come back nude as well.
Deal.
I'm surprised you agreed to that so easily.
I mean I'm practically already nude.
Fair point, but when you come back you better be completely nude.
Same goes for you. I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Today's been wild. It's almost over though. I'm so ready to go to sleep.
Laying in this bed, it would be really easy to fall asleep right now.
I can't do that though, I need to get undressed. I wonder what Shauna wants to try with me..
There we go. I'm not hard or anything but I'm sure Shauna will be willing to help with that.
a few minutes later
Oh wow [mcf]. I don't think I'll ever get used to seeing your dick. It's just so big.
You'll get used to it, hopefully you will see it a lot.
Every chance we get I'm sure I will.
Why are you standing like that?
Because... I've never shown anyone it before.
Don't be shy Shauna. It's just me.
Are you sure?
Of course I am. I want to see it.
So what do you think?
I'm thinking a lot of sinful thoughts right now.
Really? So you like it?
I love it, it's sexy. Can you turn around for me?
Now this I really don't mind showing you. I know how much you like it.
There's no better ass on this planet. There literally isn't a flaw with it.
That's funny because I feel the same way about your dick. Speaking of your dick, you said you liked my pussy right?
Yeah, it's perfect.
Do you want to try it?
You mean have sex? Do you think you're ready?
I'm ready to try. I'm not a completely innocent girl. I've used toys before. Nothing real and definitely nothing near that big but I want to try.
I'm definitely not going to say no to that.
Because... I don't want to show you mine...
Why?? It's not a big deal to me Shauna.
I know you're into girls..
I am. You're a girl.
But I don't have what girls have. I don't want to scare you away or anything.
Come on, it's just a sex organ. That doesn't change anything about you.
You're still a sexy and beautiful woman and I'm a guy who is lucky enough to be in her bed.
I'm the lucky one. Are you sure you want to see? There's no elegant way to say this but I want you to pretend like it doesn't exist.
I'm sure. What do you mean pretend it doesn't exist?
I don't want you to do anything with it.. I want you to treat me like a girl.
I just care about making you feel good.
Now this I really don't mind showing you. I know how much you like it.
There's no better ass on this planet. There literally isn't a flaw with it.
That's funny because I feel the same way about your dick. Speaking of those two things I want to see if I can handle it.
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
Yes I am, I want to try. I've used toys and things before but never anything real and never something that big. But I want to try.
I'm definitely not going to say no to that.
But before that I want to try something else. I want to see if I'm any good at blowjobs.
I'm more than willing to help you find out.
Ha, I'm sure you are. First things first we have to get you ready.
You have such a nice cock.
Is that your favorite thing about me?
Noo, I love everything about you. It's pretty high up there though.
Then what are you waiting for?
Mwahh, I love that I'm here right now.
I've had so many thoughts and dreams of doing this. On my knees in front of you.
I've even practiced for it.
Really? How so?
I think it's best if I just show you.
Is she about to try and deepthroat me? That would be amazing.
Oh, she's already struggling. It's still further than [g1] made it earlier.
Not to mention it feels really good too. She's swirling her tongue around.
This is more than enough for me.
Ohh holy shit!
How the fuck did she go from struggling to her nose touching me?
That sent a fucking shock through my spine.
That feels so fucking good Shauna.
Oh shit. I grew a lot in your mouth.
That was amazing. Since when can you do that?
I didn't think I was gonna make it.
You did more than make it.
Has anyone ever done that with you before?
What? Deepthroat?
Yeah, has anyone ever done that to you before?
No, not even close. That was incredible.
Good. I started to struggle about halfway and then I thought I was going to disappoint you. I just made the rest happen.
It was amazing when you were just halfway. You're not disappointing me at all.
Can I try again? You grew more in my mouth and it made me panic a bit so I had to stop. Plus I cheated a bit with my hands.
You can do that to me anytime you want to.
Can you lay on the bed? I think it will be easier if you're laying down.
Are you ready? I'm not gonna use hands.
I'm more than ready. But don't force anything.
I won't. Just sit back and enjoy.
Holy shit, it's going to send a shock through my spine every time. She knows what she's doing.
Oohhh! She's fucking amazing. She made it almost no problem. After we do this a few times I want to face fuck her.
She's holding it. This is perfect. Shauna's mouth around me and a beautiful view of her ass. This has to be a dream.
She's not just holding it, she's going crazy with her tongue.
It feels so fucking good. If she doesn't stop soon she's going to make me cum just from this.
Shauna is going to live with me after tonight. Meaning I can experience this every night. My life is amazing.
Oh thank god she's coming up. I don't want to finish yet. I still want to try her pussy. If she can do this then I'm sure she'll surprise me with that too.
Oh thank god she's coming up. I don't want to finish yet. I still want to try her ass. If she can do this then I'm sure she'll surprise me with that too.
Oh fuck. Now she's sucking on the tip. I'm so close to finishing. I have to focus. Think about sad things.
I'm holding every muscle so tight. If I do cum it's going to rocket into her mouth.
Oh thank god.
What? How was that? That wasn't bad was it? You were quiet.
Not at all. You almost made me cum. I had to focus so I didn't. That was fucking amazing.
Really? I almost made you cum from that?
I'm telling you it feels fucking amazing. Added onto the fact that a fucking sexy lady is the one doing it. I was so close to blowing.
You could have came. I don't mind. It's really flattering. I'm glad you like it so much.
Nuh uh, I don't want this to be over yet. You said there was something else we can do.
Yes I did. Are you ready to try?
I'm more than ready.
I'm so happy right now. I can't wait to do this with you every chance we get.
I'm happy too. I'm happy you told me how you felt today. Are you ready?
I've been ready for a long time.
Just go slowly. I've never tried anything near as big as you.
I'll start with just the tip.
You're pussy is so fucking tight.
So tight that it actually hurts a bit. I think that's good though.
Mmmm, try to go deeper.
Ahhhh.. It's so big. It feels so good though.
You're not in pain at all?
A little. But I'm getting used to it. I'll be fine. Keep going.
Ahhhhh! Holy shit.
This is so fucking tight. I can feel her muscles trying to push me out. There's no way she's enjoying this.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. It just shocked me a bit... I promise. Just shove the rest in me.
Are you sure? If it hurts we can stop.
No, no! Trust me, shove it in.
I don't know about this.
AHHH! It's so fucking huge!!
Pull it out!
I'm so sorry. I couldn't handle it. I've never had something that big in me. We can try again. I'll be fine. I just want to make you feel good.
It's okay Shauna.
[mcf]?? Why did you pull out? I'm fine.
You're clearly in pain Shauna.
It's okay. I don't care about that. I just want to make you feel good.
I don't care about how far I can get my dick in you. Especially not the first time.
I care way more about you than I do that. I don't want you to be in pain.
I don't want to disappoint you.
I promise you're not. I'm here with you. I care about you. We could get dressed and play some games for all I care.
I didn't tell you I have feelings for you just to bang you. I truly have those feelings.
Don't get me wrong this is amazing and I'm glad we're doing this. But we don't have to dive into it.
I love you [mcf].
I love you too Shauna.
It wasn't bad at first. I can handle how wide it is. I just couldn't take the length.
It was making all my muscles tense up the deeper you went.
It felt incredible before that.
Do you want to try again? I won't go too deep this time.
Yes please. Can I lay on my back? I think I won't tense up as easily that way.
Yeah, of course.
You ready? Just tell me when to stop.
Yeah, I'm ready.
There. That's perfect. It feels amazing there.
Damn right it does.
You can start fucking me now. Just don't go any deeper than that.
Oooohhhh.. Aaaaaahhhh...
Your pussy feels incredible.
Oooo.. It's all yours. Anytime you want it.
Holy shit your dick is so good.
Ahhhh... am I a good girl?
You're not just that. You're my good girl.
Mmmmmmmmm... Yesssss..
Don't stop [mcf]. You're gonna make me cum from this.
Your cock is so fucking good.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmm........!
Holy shit [mcf]. I've never came like that before.
I'm about to cum too! Where do you want it??
Oh! cum on my face. I want to taste it!
Yes I am. Do you have any lube?
Yeah it's on the counter over there.
Okay, let me put some on.
I'm so happy right now. I can't wait to do this with you every chance we get.
I'm happy too. I'm happy you told me how you felt today. Are you ready?
I've been ready for a long time.
Just go slowly at first. I've never tried anything as big as you.
I'll just start with the tip.
You're ass is so fucking tight.
So tight that it actually hurts a bit. I think that's good though.
Mmmm, try to go deeper.
Ahhhh.. It's so big. It feels so good though.
You're not in pain at all?
A little. But I'm getting used to it. I'll be fine. Keep going.
Ahhhhh! Holy shit.
This is so fucking tight. I can feel her muscles trying to push me out. There's no way she's enjoying this.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. It just shocked me a bit... I promise. Just shove the rest in me.
Are you sure? If it hurts we can stop.
No, no! Trust me, shove it in.
I don't know about this.
AHHH! It's so fucking huge!!
Pull it out!
I'm so sorry. I couldn't handle it. I've never had something that big in me. We can try again. I'll be fine. I just want to make you feel good.
It's okay Shauna.
[mcf]?? Why did you pull out? I'm fine.
You're clearly in pain Shauna.
It's okay. I don't care about that. I just want to make you feel good.
I don't care about how far I can get my dick in you. Especially not the first time.
I care way more about you than I do that. I don't want you to be in pain.
I don't want to dissappoint you.
I promise you're not. I'm here with you. I care about you. We could get dressed and play some games for all I care.
I didn't tell you I have feelings for you just to bang you. I truly have those feelings.
Don't get me wrong this is amazing and I'm glad we're doing this. But we don't have to dive into it.
I love you [mcf].
I love you too Shauna.
It wasn't bad at first. I can handle how wide it is. I just couldn't take the length.
It was making all my muscles tense up the deeper you went.
It felt incredible before that.
Do you want to try again? I won't go too deep this time.
Yes please. Can I lay on my back? I think I won't tense up as easily that way.
Yeah, of course.
You ready? Just tell me when to stop.
Yeah, I'm ready.
There. That's perfect. It feels amazing there.
Damn right it does.
You can start fucking me now. Just don't go any deeper than that.
Oooohhhh.. Aaaaaahhhh...
Your ass feels incredible.
Oooo.. It's all yours. Anytime you want it.
Holy shit your dick is so good.
Ahhhh... am I a good girl?
You're not just that. You're my good girl.
Mmmmmmmmm... Yesssss..
Don't stop [mcf]. You're gonna make me cum from this.
Your cock is so fucking good.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmm........!
Holy shit [mcf]. I've never came like that before.
I'm about to cum too! Where do you want it??
Oh! cum on my face. I want to taste it!
Oh yeah.. Cum all over my face.! Give me every drop you have.!
Ahh!
Damn [mcf] that was a lot.
How do I look?
You look fantastic. There's some left on me though.
I'll take care of that.
Oaaahhh. That's sensitive.
So how do I taste?
Yummy. I don't want any to go to waste.
Mmmmmmmm. all gone.
Did you swallow it all?
Of course I did. I didn't miss a drop.
Mmmm. Good girl.
So how was it?
It was everything I'd hoped it be.
Same here. I'm so overcome with joy right now. Life is great.
So earlier you said that our night at the fair way back then was your favorite night ever. Is that still true?
Nope it's now my second favorite. Tonight passed it by a mile. I don't have a giant dinosaur to remember it by though.
What if I can do you one better?
What do you mean?
I got you something. It's in my pocket. Give me a second.
What do you think?
That's for me??
Yes they are. Do you want to try them on.
Thank you so much! But I can't. I don't have my ears pierced.
Oh, whoops. I didn't know that.
It's all right. I'll get them pierced tomorrow. I love them!
I'm glad. I know they're not the best things in the world...
Stop it. They're perfect. I'll wear them everyday to remember this night. Thank you.
Okay, she just swallowed my cum and now I'm kissing her. Is that a big deal? Or am I just being weird?
She cleaned it up well anyway. I'll be fine.
You have me to remember it by.
True, I do. That's as good as anything else.
How much time do we have before we have to leave?
Oh yeah that's right. We need to get going. It's close to 10. Are you all packed up?
Yes. My boxes are in the living room.
Let's get dressed and then we can head out.
I wish we could stay here a bit longer. I just want to lay with you.
I do too. But I'm also excited to get on the road.
True. Let's get dressed.
I like those pants.
Thank you. They're new.
I like what's under them even more though.
Nope! You're making us get dressed so you don't get to say that right now.
Ha, fair enough. I'll just think about it instead.
Oh shit, is she asleep?
She did say she was tired. She needs to get up for now though.
Shaunaaaa.. It's time to get up.
*Yawnnn* What is it? Who is it?
It's me Shauna. [mcf]. Are you ready to go?
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to fall asleep.
It's all right. Are you all packed up?
Yes. Everything is behind you.
Okay good. Before we leave can we talk about what happened earlier?
I thought we were just going to forget about it.
After this we will. I just want to make sure everything is okay.
Okay... Can I have a hug first? I could really use one.
Absolutely. Are you okay?
I think so. I felt really embarrassed and silly at first but I'm feeling a bit better now. It feels good that it's no longer a secret.
There's no reason to be embarrassed. I promise.
Are we good? Still best friends?
Without a doubt. You know I love you Shauna.
That's all I care about. I was scared things would be awkward.
Not at all. I was just worried you would be hurt.
I'm okay. I realized how silly I was after I left. I just hit on the most loyal man I know. It was destined to fail.
So we're just going to go back to before that happened?
Yes please. Starting now. I'm ready to put it behind me.
Okay, are you ready to leave?
Yes I am. I'm excited.
Me too. Where are the boxes?
Here they are. All good to go.
I can get these. Is there anything else you need?
Oh! Yeah. I'll go grab it.
I'll meet you out in the car.
I lift heavy things all the time. This shouldn't be much of a problem. Probably just clothes that weigh nothing.
Holy shit this is the heaviest thing I've ever carried. Apparently Shauna decided to bring a fucking rock collection to college.
I'm gonna throw out my back if I don't set these down.
Phew. A few more seconds and I would have been in pain for weeks. I'm getting old. I wonder what she has in there.
Ehh, it's none of my business. Probably just some heavy make up or something? I don't know.
Today has flown by. I figured all the change would happen tomorrow but it happened today. So far so good though.
All that's left to do is pick everyone up and be on our way. I'm ready to go to sleep.
Unlock your door!
You thought I would just leave this?
Ha, I was wondering where he was.
There's room for him right?
Without a doubt. Just sit him in the back and we're good to go.
I'm so excited. I can't wait to see the school. I wonder what my room is gonna look like.
I bet it's better than you can imagine.
I think I'm gonna let it be a surprise to Shauna. When we pull into our new house she's gonna flip.
I hope so.
I'm good to go.
Put your seat belt on please.
10 minutes later
Here we are. Our new home for the next 12 hours.
Our one way trip to the rest of our lives.
Do you need any help with those boxes?
Nah I got them. They aren't too heavy.
Fuck me why did I say that.
Second time was way easier than the first. I think it's because I was expecting it this time.
See. There's plenty of room for him.
I hope my new roommate won't mind this huge guy.
I can guarantee you they won't.
I hope not. Because he's staying no matter what.
*KNOCK, KNOCK*
Oh hey, what's up Damien? Rest well?
Like a baby. I was doing a little inspection before we head out.
Everything look good?
Everything looks great. You good to go?
Let's get it.
Oh hello. Who is this?
Oh that's right. You two didn't get a chance to meet earlier. Damien this is my best friend Shauna.
Well it's very nice to meet you Shauna. Seems like [mcf] keeps good company.
I'll tell you right now I'm coming for that title of best friend though.
Haha, good luck. It's nice to meet you too.
Do you want to join me and [mcf] up front? I'd love to learn about you.
I would but I'm extremely tired. I think I'm going to lay down in the back. Will you two wake me up whenever we have everyone.
We sure can.
Yeah we will. Sleep well Shauna.
Thank you [mcf]. Don't let me sleep too long.
I like you already.
Oh yeah? Why's that?
You seem cool man. You have a cool girl, cool best friend. I bet you have a cool mailman even.
Yeah he's all right.
Ha, so what's the story there with Shauna?
Your girl cool with you having a best friend that looks like that?
Yeah, they're friends with each other too. I've know Shauna since I was a kid.
That's awesome man. I can't tell you how excited I am that you're coming to WVM.
I'm excited too man. I'm ready to get on a court with my new teammates. Get some synergy flowing.
Don't you worry about that. Our coach loves to grind some practices.
Are they going to be there tomorrow?
They are. They would've came with me today if the school would have let her.
It's a shame they didn't. I'm excited to meet her.
I guarantee you she's more excited to see you. You just don't realize how big of a splash you're going to make.
You're gonna be king of this place. You need to be ready for that. As much as I love this humbleness you have to you. You need to realize you're [mcf] [mcl]. You're THE number one recruit going to a last place college.
What you say goes. Don't forget that. I love our players and staff. But if you see something that can be done differently don't hesitate to speak up. We need to get better.
I'll do my best. I've always been one to go with the flow and do the best I can in it.
For both of our sake. Change the flow. This is my last chance to impress some scouts or my dreams are dead. I need you man. We're gonna make waves this year.
Without a doubt.
 That's what I like to hear. We picking up your girl first?
Yeah her and her sister. Then we need to swing by my place for my mom.
Okay then, let's get going.
Speaking of being king and everything. We might need to distract your girls for a few hours when we get to WVM.
Why's that?
There's some people that want to meet you. They'll be at your house sometime tomorrow with my girl.
I'm assuming girls that want to meet me? What's your girlfriend's name by the way?
She's Jasmine. Don't worry you'll meet her soon. But yeah, mainly some of the cheerleaders and some others. You'll see.
I don't know man. I don't think [g1] would be cool with that.
I won't make you do anything shady. How about you just ask her when we get her?
Yeah, I can do that. Are we almost there?
Yeah, about to pull in now.
Here we are. Do you need help bringing in their stuff?
Nah I should have it. Thank you though. I'll be right back.
*KNOCK, KNOCK*
Come in!
Oh, hey Elizabeth.
Don't call me that, I go by Liz.
Where is [g1], are you two ready to go?
She's getting her last few things packed and then we're good to go.
I haven't seen you in a few weeks. Can I get a hug?
Sure, I guess so.
I gotta say I'm a little surprised. I thought you would tell me to fuck off.
We need to get over our past. We're going to a new place so this will be a fresh start.
Come on Liz, let's not do this right now.
What? It's just a hug.
Yeah but with your past. If [g1] saw us it would be a lot to deal with. It's not worth it.
The past is nothing but some harmless flirting. It's not that big of a deal.
It is to her. Listen, we're going to a new place and that will give us a chance to start our friendship over.
I would like that. Maybe you'll realize the girl who has been cheering you on since day one isn't such a bad guy.
I don't think you're a bad guy. I just think you don't realize the effect of half the things you say.
Like what? Give me some examples?
I really don't want to get into this Liz. I'm just here to pick you two up.
That's fine. We're about to leave. Just tell me some examples so I can learn from them or whatever.
You used to flirt with me all the time despite me dating your sister.
I flirted with you way before then.
It should have stopped when me and [g1] started. You also used to constantly mock [g1] about her body.
Saying shit like 'Maybe one day your breasts will grow.'.
Come on, that's just us being sisters. I was just joking.
You're a huge reason why it took so long before me and [g1] did anything.
Oooooooooooooooh... So you two did finally have sex today?
What? What did I say?
You said I was why it took so long for you to do anything with her.
She came home all smiley and acting different. She wouldn't tell me anything though. You two finally banged huh?
No we didn't bang. We just tried a few things.
No wonder she was so happy. I'm proud of her.
Don't tell her I told you. She clearly didn't want you to know yet.
I'll think about it. I got to talk to her about it at some point. I have questions.
Fine, just not tonight. Let's get through this trip in peace.
So how was it? Did she do good?
Liz we're not talking about this anymore.
I could do it better you know. All you have to do is ask.
Liz stop.
You're no fun. I'll stop, for now. I want this to be a peaceful trip too.
Good.. do you need any help with your boxes?
Nah, I packed light. You can get [g1]'s though.
Which ones are which?
These ones are mine.
Not gonna look, not gonna look.
Do you need help with the door?
How are you gonna check out my ass if you're getting the door? Just get your girls boxes.
If you say so.
[mcf]? You're already here?
Yeah, we're actually running a little late. It's already past ten.
Oh, I must've lost track of time. Elizabeth didn't bug you any did she?
No more than usual. Are you ready to go?
Just about. There's one thing I have to do first.
What's that?
This.
Her kisses are different now. There's more her in it. More enthusiasm.
There. I'm all good to go now.
Who else do we have to pick up?
We already have Shauna. So it's just [am].
Awesome. Speaking of [am], you never told me the rest of the story about how you found her a house. What happened there?
I didn't have time to tell you earlier but.. It turns out WVM is giving me my own house to stay in while I'm there.
For some reason no one told me about it. I have no clue why.
It's meant to have six bedrooms though, if you're interested you're more than welcome to stay there too.
Really?! What is the house like? Are you sure you're cool with me living with you?
Of course I am. We spend most of our time together anyways. It won't be that big of a change.
I'm so excited. I can't wait to see it.
So I'll take that as a yes?
Of course it's a yes. I was scared we wouldn't be able to see each other much but this kind of secures that we will. It's perfect.
You didn't answer my question about the house though. What's it like??
I don't know. I just learned about it earlier. Damien says it's nice though.
I'm sure it is. How did [am] react to the news?
Pretty much exactly like you. Super excited. She cried a little bit. You're not crying are you?
I'm close to it. I'm just happy that we'll be together.
Does Shauna know yet?
No, she's already asleep in the RV. I'm just gonna let it be a surprise for her when we pull up to it.
Great. I want to see her reaction. Is she going to live with us too?
I'm going to offer her. I think she will be but it's up to her.
I'm sure she will. This is amazing. I can't wait to see it.
Well the faster we leave the faster we get there.
Here I'll grab those two boxes and you get the other one.
Just one more kiss then we're good to go.
That's good with me.
All right, let's go.
I hope these aren't as heavy as Shauna's.
They shouldn't be. It's just clothes and stuff.
That was way easier. I wonder what Shauna has in her boxes.
Is it cool for me to lay in the bed? I'm sleepy.
Oh, uhh sure. We'll figure something else out for us.
Perfect. Feel free to join anytime you want.
Goodnight Liz.
Goodnight [mcf].
Sorry about her.
Don't worry about it. I'm used to it by now.
So the bed is taken now. Where are we going to sleep?
Either you or [am] can take the little sofa you're on now. I'll probably sleep on the floor.
[am] can have the sofa. I want to cuddle up with you.
Sounds perfect to me.
Hey loverbirds, come up here and entertain me while I drive.
It's good to see you again [g1].
You too Damien.
Did [mcf] ask you about anything?
We're doing this now?
Yes sir, no reason to wait.
What are you two talking about?
Now this was set in motion before I knew [mcf] was in a relationship.
A bunch of the cheerleaders will be at the house. They're there just to greet [mcf]. Team spirit and all that.
Here sit down and I'll explain more on the way.
Is that all? They're just gonna greet him?
I can't guarantee that will be all. I know a few of the girls were planning on something more.
But that won't happen. After they know he's with you they'll stop. And you don't have to worry about him. He already tried to get it cancelled because he thought you wouldn't like it.
You don't have to do that. Team spirit is important and all. I trust you.
Are you sure? I don't have to do it.
You should. Those are the girls that will be cheering you on all year. It would be good to be friends with them. Just keep it at that though.
The lady has spoken. I'll let Jasmine know that it's still on.
Damn, you two live close to each other. We're already almost there.
What are your plans for tomorrow [mcf]?
I'm not sure yet. I know unpacking and doing what Damien is talking about. I want to meet my new coach and whoever else is around.
I can help you unpack. Are we going to stay in the same room?
I think we should have seperate rooms. At least at the start. You're welcome in my room whenever but since we have the space we shouldn't pack everything in one room.
I agree. I've never shared a room before so it's probably best to ease into that one.
We're here already.
Here I'll help you with her things.
Thanks [g1].
Oh [am]. We were coming to help. Are there anymore boxes?
Nope, this is the only one. I've been waiting on you guys. I'm ready to go. I can't wait anymore.
Perfect. We're all good then. Just sit your box with the others and we can be on our way.
Sit down with us for a minute.
It's nice to see you again [am].
It's nice to see you too. I always enjoy when you're around. We don't see each other nearly as much as we should.
I'm sure that will change with us all living together.
Oh, I'm sorry [mcf]. That was meant to be a surprise..
Don't worry. He's already told me.
Yeah I told her when we picked her up. Keep it down though. It's still a surprise for Shauna.
I'll try my best. I'm just really excited about it.
Before we head out I just want to introduce myself.
I'm Damien. I'm one of your son's teammates. I've only known him for a day but he seems like he was raised right.
I think an RV full of beautiful women speaks for itself though.
Nonetheless, I'm excited to play with your son and it's very nice meeting the lady that made it all possible.
You're very kind. It's nice to meet you too.
Are you going to need any help driving there Damien?
No, I'm well rested. I'll have us there in no time.
Just let me know if you need anything.
I wonder what the rooms will be like.
Same here. I hope there's some good food places nearby as well.
Are you and [mcf] going to share a room? I'm cool with it.
No, we're going to keep our things in seperate rooms. I'll be in his room most of the time though.
They're just going to go on about the house for a while.
Now's the perfect time to check my phone.
Excuse me ladies, I have to check my emails real quick.
What if we have a pool? I might actually be able to get a tan if we do.
I don't think they even heard me. Oh well.
Rachael was meant to message me about that girl.
Yep, I have a message from her.
I'm here with Anna. The beautiful woman who wants to see you tomorrow. She's a bit shy about everything but I got her to put on a nice outfit for you. Do you want to see?
Of course I do. Show me her.
There she is. I told you she was curvy.
So what do you say? Is she worthy?
Can she take anymore pictures? I want to see more.
The first one took a lot of convincing. Let me see what I can do.
She has an amazing ass. She's getting shy though. She's not used to any cameras.
Convinced yet?
I want one more. This time of her front.
I'll see if she lets me. She's getting weirded out by it.
You've made her all sad. She doesn't think she's good enough for you.
Please tell me yes or else I'm gonna have to console her all night.
Yes you can send her to me. Do you know where to send her?
I'm gonna book you guys a hotel near WVM. Just meet her there tomorrow night and don't pussy out.
I'll be there.
Since the cameras already out and Anna doesn't want it on her anymore. Here's one of me. Maybe one of these times I'll join along.
Have a goodnight. Treat Anna right, she deserves it.
I don't know. She seems a little too shy for me. I don't want to have to babysit her through it.
Send me girls that are willing to work for what they want.
Anna is very kind and just timid about this. But your decision is your decision. I'll let her know.
I'll contact you later about some other girls. Goodnight [mcf].
Oh, I actually don't have anything. I guess that's a good thing.
Oh well.
Well, with that out of the way I'm ready to sleep.
Hey girls. I think I'm gonna go ahead and go to sleep.
I'm sleepy too. We've all been up since early this morning.
Same here. I'm ready to go to sleep.
Shauna and Elizabeth are in the bed back there. Leaving us with the one sofa.
Me and [g1] were going to sleep in the floor if you want to take the couch [am].
Can I join you guys? I don't do well sleeping in new places and would feel more comfortable.
Of course you can. We'll both use [mcf] as a pillow.
This isn't so bad. The floor is soft enough.
Yeah it's actually pretty comfy. I hope you two sleep well.
I think I'm just gonna dream about what the house will be like and spending time with everyone.
Mine will be similar. Goodnight girls. I love you both.
I love you too. Goodnight.
Love you too baby. Sleep well.
The perfect end to a pretty great day.
In a confined space with all the people I care about. It's nice.
I can't stay awake any longer though. I'm exhausted.
My final day of my old life is over. Tomorrow is all WVM.
8 hours later...
Yo [mcf]. Wake up. We're here.
Huh? Where am I?
You're at your new house. I've been driving for way too long and need to relax some so I'm going to walk to my house for a bit.
Oh.. We're already here? It feels like I barely slept but okay. Thanks for driving.
No problem. Jasmine should still be inside. Go say hey to her and check out your place.
See you soon Damien.
You know it. See ya [mcf].
I'm excited to see the house. I'm going to check it out by myself before I wake anyone else up.
Holy.. This place is nice. Way better than where we were living.
Oh wow... It's not bad in here. It's definitely an improvement to our old home.
I'm noticing a severe lack of furniture though.
I wonder where Jasmine is. I guess I should just explore for a bit.
So this is our new kitchen. Not half bad.
Damien?? Is that you??
Oh shit, that must be Jasmine. She has a nice voice.
Uhh no. It's [mcf]. Damien told me to go ahead and come inside.
Oh wow! Come back here I'm in one of the bedrooms!
Okay, coming.
Wow, Damien has good taste.
It's so nice to finally meet you! I've had to hear about you for weeks!
It's great to meet you. Thank you for staying behind to clean up this place. I owe you big time.
Do not mention it! I was happy to do it. We want you to be happy and comfortable here. So how do you like the place?
I've only seen three rooms but it's fantastic. It's a big improvement from where I was.
Good, I'm very glad to hear that. Do you have any questions?
Just one. Where's all the furniture?
Oh yeah, that. They're letting you furnish it yourself. Just let wherever you go know who you are and they will bill the school.
Really? That's crazy.
The only thing crazy is that you're at WVM. You could have gotten a full ride at any school.
I fucking love that you're here though. Damien has done nothing but talk about how he's excited.
Are you cool with hugs?
Yeah, they're great.
Here then.. I just wanted to say thank you.
For what?
For you being here. I know it has nothing to do with us but you've made Damien so happy recently. That spark is in his eyes again. I can't thank you enough for that.
You don't have to thank me for that. I love that I'm going to have a teammate that's as passionate as I am.
Damien is as competitive as they come. I thought he was going to implode on himself here since they couldn't win anything last year.
I could imagine. Losing every game by more than 10 points must have been soul crushing.
It was. Especially for him. But that's okay because you're here now.
Not to put pressure on you or anything.. I'm just saying you're a big upgrade over his other teammates.
One is named Mackle. He has the talent but lacks dedication and doesn't take the game seriously.
That's not good. What about the others?
There's Lee. He's not much better.
How so?
Well.. Mackle and Lee are in a relationship.
Uh oh.. I assume they're similar to each other then?
Not entirely. Lee isn't that bad. He just can't handle criticism too well.
That's better I guess. What about the fifth?
That would be Ryke.
Ryke? That's an odd name.
His name fits him. Dude is a total asshole. He's the kind of guy to make everything about him and pout when everything doesn't go his way.
Great. So what you're saying is we have a lot of work to do?
Ha.. yep. It's not gonna be easy. But I believe in you and Damien.
Speaking of. Where is Damien?
He drove us here so he was up all night. He said he went to his house to relax for a bit.
Oh okay. I wish he would've told me or at least came and said hey to me for a minute. I haven't seen him in two days.
Hey... Can I ask you something? You can't tell Damien I asked you.
Oh.. I don't know. I've only been here 2 minutes. I probably shouldn't get in the middle of anything.
No, no. It's not bad. I just want to know if he talked to any other girls while he was there.
Hmm, did he?... Other than introductions not really. There's clearly some doubt in her mind though.
I only saw him for a few minutes after all. He could have done anything.
Damien was real cool with me though. I can tell her that I don't know or I can cover for Damien.
Other than greeting the girls that were with me no. He barely talked to them then. He was a perfect gentleman. He was with me for most of the day. There's no way he was with anyone else.
Good. Thank you. I'm sorry for asking.
Is everything good between you two?
I think so. I worry too much sometimes is all. After last time it's hard not to think about it.
What happened last time?
Oh, I shouldn't get into this. Damien probably wouldn't want you to know but he cheated on me. It was in highschool but still... it hurt.
I really don't want to talk about that though. I'm sure nothing happened.
That's understandable. I won't pry.
I'm not sure. I didn't see him much yesterday. After we met he went to a hotel to sleep. I can tell you he was only friendly to all the girls that came with me.
So I really can't say. He could have done anything.
Okay, thank you. I'm sorry for asking.
Is everything good between you two?
Ugh... Yeah. Damien cheated on me in highschool. It was before we were serious but it makes me not trust him sometimes.
Thank you for telling me the truth though.
Come on now. No man is dumb enough to make that mistake twice on such a gorgeous woman.
[mcf].. Thank you but you shouldn't talk to me like that though. Damien told me you had a girlfriend of your own.
I do, but there's no harm in telling your new friend that she's too pretty to worry about what someone else might be doing.
Thank you. It means a lot.
Anyway, before we get too far down that rabbit hole. There's somewhere you need to be.
Oh? Where?
Coach Harper wants to see you. She told me to send you to her right away.
What about everyone else in the RV? Shouldn't we wake them first?
I can handle that. Harper said she was going to be very busy today and to send you as early as possible.
How am I going to get there? Is it far from here?
It's just the next street over.
Okay, I'll walk it then. Can you point me in the direction?
You're not walking anywhere. Come on. Let me show you something.
Damien did mention that they'd provide me my own car. I hope it's nice.
Man, Jasmine has a really nice ass. I need to stop staring at it before I get caught.
Here we are!
Oh my god. That's mine?
Yes it is. You can thank the owner of a local dealership.
Absolutely. Do all players get cars like these?
Think about it. They sent Damien in an RV to get you.
Oh, true. I thought that was just for the space.
Don't get me wrong. They treat us well. Just not a brand new super car well.
Wow, I don't even know what to say about this.
You don't have to say anything. Just enjoy it. I'm gonna go wake up everyone.
Man I wish I could see their reactions to the house.
I know. I'm sorry but Harp told me you had to be there as soon as you arrived. I'll tell you all about how they react.
Thank you Jasmine.
No problem. I'll see you soon.
Oh man this thing is loud.
This blows my old car out of the water. I need to find and thank whoever is responsible for this.
Enough rambling in my head. Coach will be mad if I take too long.
This thing is fucking fast. It takes off so quickly that it's so hard not to speed.
Jasmine said it was the next street over. So I should be just about there.
Here we go..
Coach Harper?
There he is!
*Mumbling* It's Coach Harper.
Sorry, Coach Harper.
Oh! It's you!
It's about time we meet.! I couldn't sleep last night knowing you were coming!
It's nice to meet you coach.
I don't usually hug my players but I can't help it right now.
Are you healthy? Are you ready to play?
Yes to both. I've never felt better and I've never been more eager to get onto the court.
Good, good, good. Practice starts first thing tomorrow morning. Be here in this room by 7am.
7am. I'll do my best to be here at 6:30 instead. I need to showcase myself as a leader.
Yes coach. Do you have a playbook for me to study?
Yes I do. I'll drop it at your house later today.
Perfect. Is there anything else coach?
Well, first thing. You don't have to call me coach so much. It's just us two in here right now. Around other players I want that respect but when it's just us you can relax a bit.
All right, what do you want me to call you?
Harper or Harp is just fine.
Harp it is.
I like you already. You're easy going and talented. That's a rare combo.
Thank you coa-.. Harper.
I'm not one to believe in higher powers or anything but you're a miracle sent to me.
With all due respect I haven't proven anything yet. I've never stepped on a court or played the game at this level.
Easy going and humble. A very rare combo.
Let me put it to you this way...
We didn't win a single game last year. We lost by more than 10 points in every single one of those games.
Not much has changed here. Same coaches, same trainers. Destined to go winless again.
Not much blame goes to the players or the staff. Most on the coach. Nothing but articles of 'Women can't lead teams of men'.
I was thinking about resigning. Mainly for personal issues.
Then one day I turn on my phone, nothing but headlines of 'Shocker! [mcf] commits to no name college!'
Hundreds of emails in minutes. Everyone asking questions just shocked that you're coming here.
So you take all of that and you ask yourself why someone with all that you have going for you. Super talented, athletic, well mannered, smart, and has all the tools necessary to turn into a generational player.
The guy that could have went anywhere. The guy that was the top recruit and it wasn't even close.
Why the fuck is he here? It has to be a miracle.
So, you see where I'm coming from?
When you put it that way I can see it. I just hope I'm able to live up to expectations and help us become winners.
You have my full faith. What do you have to do today?
I'm not sure. Mainly unpack and get settled in. I know Damien was talking about something with the cheer team.
Oh, that. Yeah I heard about those plans. So I'll come by sometime after that. There's more we need to talk about but sadly my day is very busy.
What are the plans?
They'd hate me if I spoiled it. I don't think it's your thing but just be ready for it.
Oh boy, I don't like surprises.
Hey, before I let you get out of here. One of your teammates Mackle is here. I'd like for you to meet him.
Sure. I'd love to.
Great, now he's a good guy. But his heart isn't in basketball. Not yet at least. I need your help with him.
What do you need me to do?
Try to get him committed. He has all it takes to be a good player. He just doesn't try. Can you do that for me?
I'll try my best.
Awesome! Thank you. I'll text him right now to come over.
Sounds good.
Okay, he should be here right away.
Anything I should know about him?
He's a calm guy. He's easy going. Not the smartest.
I don't think he has a mean bone in his body. He just doesn't have a drive for anything.
I'll find something to motivate him with.
How so?
I'm not sure yet. I need to talk to him, see what he likes and what motivates him. Kind of like a feral animal, you see if they're food motivated to see if they can be tamed.
I'm just going to pretend I know what you're talking about right now.
Yo! It's Mackey. Can I come in?
Ha, yeah I went a little off with that one. Just watch. Come on in Mackey!
Woah, it's that guy.
Mackey, treat him with some res-
Mackeyyy! It's nice to meet you man! Come on over here.
Waaaazzuuuup.
Just in here with Coach Harper. What were you up to?
Ahhhhh.. you know. Just listening to some house music waiting to see what was up.
House music? I love house music! What kind is your favorite man?
Deep house mainly, can't forget about progressive house and electro house though.
No doubt. Who's your favorite artist?
Pshhhhttt. Me man! I make my own.
Really? I need to hear some!
I got you! Come with me and I'll let you listen to my whole playlist!
Ahh.. Bummer.. I'm too busy today. Uhh.. The man's keeping me down.
Oh! We both have to be at a practice in the morning! You can play your music through the speakers while we're there.
Ohh! Totally bro! You're gonna love it!
I can't wait to hear it. First thing at 7am tomorrow.
Hell yeah bro! I'll see you there. I'm gonna go make sure they're all good to go. Can I leave coach?
Yes you can. See you tomorrow Mackey.
*Whispering* Wow. That was something else.
That was amazing. You made that look so easy!
Spending most of my life in locker rooms I've sort of just learned how to talk the dude bro language.
It shows. It's like you were a different person.
Pretty much.. Hope you're ready to listen to some house music tomorrow.
Oh I will be. With two ear plugs in and a spare pair in my pockets.
Come on. It can't be that bad.
Better safe than sorry.
You're giving me real hope here. You're everything I was hoping you'd be. Hell, you just got Mackey to agree to come to an early practice.
That's one step of many. Is there anyone else I need to meet?
Nope, not for now. You'll meet the other two tomorrow morning if you don't run into them today.
I don't think I've stopped smiling since you walked through those doors.
I don't want you to stop. You have an absolutely gorgeous smile.
[mcf].. You shouldn't say that to me. I'm your coach.
You said when it's just us I can relax a bit.
True, I did... Thank you [mcf]. You're going to make me smile a lot I feel.
That's the plan.
There's plenty to smile about. It's a new season with new goals. We're not that defeated team anymore. It's a new day.
I'm so excited for this season. Things are going to be different.
Damn right they are. I'm actually stoked for practice tomorrow.
I am too. So much so I don't think I'll sleep much again tonight.
Same, it's going to be a long night. I'll probably study the playbook for most of it.
I'll bring the playbook to your place as soon as I have some free time today.
Sounds good. I'll be there. Come by anytime.
Well not anytime. You still have your date with the cheerleaders.
Oh yeah.. that. Can you really not tell me anything about it?
I'm really not supposed to.
I will tell you this. Go easy on her. She doesn't fully know what she signed up for.
What do you mean?
You'll know when you see it. Just promise me you'll go easy okay?
Of course. I'll go easy. It would help if you could tell me what I'm going easy on but I promise whatever they surprise me with will be gone easy on.
Good.. I'm sorry for not telling you. It's just I really need those girls on my side. You understand right?
Not entirely to be honest. But I'll take your word on it.
What the fuck is she talking about? Why do I need to take it easy on someone?
Thank you. I'll get that playbook to you ASAP okay.
Okay, I'll see you soon Harper.
See you soon [mcf].
Go easy on her? Are they going to have me fight a woman? This all seems unnecessarily silly. I wish I could just skip this.
Oh well. I'll worry about all that later. I wonder what everyone thought of the house. Especially Shauna.
I'm almost there now. At least it's a very quick drive inbetween WVM and home.
I'm not used to this house at all yet. Where is everyone?
Babe?
Oh! [mcf] you startled me.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
It's okay. How did meeting your coach go?
It went really well honestly.
That's great baby. I'm happy for you.
So what do you think about the house?
It's fantastic. It's the perfect size for all of us and I can't wait to see it furnished.
I agree. That's your guys' job though. I'm gonna stay out of that one.
How did the other girls respond to the house?
[am] cried a bit.. Good tears. Luckily that was before Shauna was awake so she still doesn't know. She thinks this is Damien's house.
Really? Great, I at least get to see one reaction to it.
Speaking of everyone else. Where are they?
Jasmine took them all out for breakfast.
Why didn't you go?
She said you wouldn't be gone for long. I didn't want to eat without you. [am] and Shauna both said the same thing but Jasmine talked them into going.
Awh, I appreciate it babe. You could have went though.
Mwah!
All right, I lied a little bit. I talked them into going.
Why did you do that?
Well we didn't get to do anything last night so I thought maybe if you're down we could do something while they're out?
Ohhh. I have the perfect girlfriend.
And she has the perfect boyfriend. Come on we'll need to be quick, they've been gone for a while. What do you want to do?
Well I haven't had my shower for today yet. And we had a certain conversation yesterday about this very topic.
Mhmmm yes we did. I like where your head is at. You want to take a shower with me?
There's nothing I would like to do more than that right now.
Well then follow me.
I wasn't expecting this. Not this early anyway. I feel like trying something new.
I wonder how she would feel about a thigh job. She craves intimacy and that definitely wouldn't hurt.
I still need to give her that bracelet. I think I should take her out somewhere nice tonight if I have time. Just a night for the two of us.
This bathroom isn't very big.
I guess that just means we'll have to be close together.
Mhmmm it does. Want to see a magic trick?
I very much would.
Close your eyes for three seconds then open them.
Nuh uh! No peeking! Eyes all the way closed.
There we go. Keep them like that!
1...
2...
3...
Open!
Tada!
Wow you made a sexy angel appear before me. That's some next level magic.
Haha, now perform the same trick on yourself and join me.
Tada!
Not the same when I do it.
I disagree, I think it's perfect. Are you going to join me?
There's nothing that could stop me from entering that shower right now.
Come on then big guy.
We're vastly different than yesterday morning. We still hadn't done anything but kiss and look at us now.
In a shower together naked. Hundreds of miles away from where we were and living together. Life is crazy.
Yes it is, It's good that we're living together because we have a lot of time to make up for.
True, and especially with [am] being okay with us sleeping in the same room I hope for it to be made up for fast.
Oh trust me, it will be. I've done almost nothing but think about this thing.
What kind of thoughts?
How it felt. How it grew in my hands and how hard it got.
Also the taste of it, how it would feel... inside of me.
I think I want to try having actual sex soon. You deserve it.
Really? That's a big jump from where we were.
I know. But I was just scared. I know I want my first time to be with you so why wait you know?
There's no reason for me to be nervous anymore.
I love that you feel that way but I don't want your first time to be in a tiny shower on a random day. I want it to be special.
Awh, really? Are you sure? It will be special as long as it's with you.
I know, but I want you to have it as a memory that you'll never forget. I want it to be truly special.
Plus there's a billion other things we can do beforehand.
Things like this.
Ahh! Hey!, I wasn't ready for that!
Your body says otherwise. Your nipple is as hard as can be.
Oh yeah? What about this then?
Ohhh.. She's squeezing her hands on my dick. I didn't even realize I was that hard already.
I guess I'm caught red handed.
I guess we're both ready then. What do you want to do with me?
I had an idea. It's a bit weird to explain just do what I say. I need you to turn around and bend over.
Okay.. Did you change your mind about us having sex?
No no. Trust me.
You know I do.
Jesus [g1]. Your ass is amazing. I'm a lucky man.
I could just stare at this all day.
I wouldn't mind that.
But I have other plans. Don't freak out but I'm going to put my dick between your legs.
Ohhh [mcf].. That feels funny. It feels so warm between my legs. It's rubbing against my you know what.
I feel a lot of heat coming from you as well. That's the point though. Just hold your thighs together.
I'm going to thrust and it will feel good for both of us, okay?
Okay that sounds great. I've never even thought about doing it this way before.
Are you ready?
Mhmmm, I'm ready.
Oh wow [mcf]. That feels really good.
I don't know if I'm just horny as fuck or her thighs are this amazing but this is incredible.
God [g1]. Your thighs feel amazing. Your pussy is so wet too that it's making everything so much better.
Mmmmmmmmm. You feel so good rubbing against me.
I'm already about to finish. We've barely started anything.
Ohhhh! Holy shit!
What happened? Did you cum?
Ohh... Mhmmmm. I couldn't hold it anymore. That felt way too good.
Wow, was it really that good?
Big time, yeah. The combination of how sexy the view was and how wet and hot you were. It was too much for me.
I'm proud of myself. That's amazing.
It's your turn now though.
It's fine baby. I don't mind just getting you off.
I'm not selfish. I want you to feel good too.
I feel fantastic. Getting you off like that makes me feel really good. I'm exhilerated.
Plus after what we did yesterday I couldn't function as a human for half the day.
Are you sure? I really don't mind.
How about before we go to bed tonight we do something again?
I still have to unpack so I need my legs to work.
Deal. Thanks for that, it was seriously one of the best things I've ever felt.
Just imagine when we do the real thing.
I have the best girlfriend. I love you babe.
I love you too baby. Now come on. Let's get clean.
15 minutes later
So how would you rate our first joint shower?
Easily the best shower I've ever had.
Ha, same. You know we could really save some water if we do it more often.
Yep, that's why we should do it. To save the environment.
Haha, Exactly. So same time tomorrow?
I'll be here.
Knock, Knock.
Oh, that must be the other girls.
I'm still in my towel. Can you let them in?
Yes I can.
Thanks babe.
I'm excited to see them. I wonder how Shauna is going to react. Hopefully they didn't tell her yet.
[am] is awful at keeping secrets. So I wouldn't be surprised if she accidentally did.
Knock, Knock
I'm coming!
Hey girls, how was breakfast?
As good as it could be without you. Where'd you go?
I had to go meet my new coach. It went really well.
Well that's good. We missed you though.
You were meant to wake me up last night after we got everyone. What happened with that?
I knew how tired you were. Plus we weren't up for long.
What's with the hostility? We're here in our new town. Come, give me a hug you two.
Mmm, you girls smell really nice.
Jasmine took us to a store after breakfast and we tried a few different perfumes. Do you like it?
Yeah, you two smell great.
So what do you think of Damien's house Shauna?
It's nice. Better than any place I've ever lived.
Oh good, she still doesn't know. I don't know how [am] kept that secret.
I agree. I think it's amazing. Wouldn't you just love to live here?
Compared to dorm rooms absolutely. If I had a house like this I'd invite you all to stay in it. That would be amazing.
It really would be. Well I'm gonna go check on [g1].
She's in the bathroom right now.
Well I'll wait on her. Have fun you two.
So what's up? Did you like your coach?
She was really cool. She really answered a lot of questions I had too.
But you said you'd like to live in a place like this. What room would you pick if you did?
It's hard to say. But I usually prefer a room near a bathroom and I prefer smaller rooms.
Really? I think there's one just like it here. Follow me.
Like it?
It's about as good as an empty room could get.
Would you live in a room like this?
Of course I would. There's nothing wrong with it. What's up? You and [am] are acting strange.
I bet Damien would let you stay here if you asked. He seems to really like you.
What if I told you it's not Damien's?
What do you mean?
This is my house.
Really?? That's awesome! I'm happy for you.
Happy for me? What about yourself? [am] and [g1] are going to be living here. I want you to live here too. One big family.
Are you serious!?
Yes! This is our place.
And I can stay here?
I'd be very offended if you didn't.
Thank you! This is amazing. I get to live with you guys!
Also don't worry about the no furniture thing.
We get to furnish it ourselves and WVM will pay for it. Which means you get to decorate your own room.
Meaning no matter what happens. Even if you have a bad day. You get to come here to all of us who love and support you.
I'm in shock right now. I was so worried about who my roommate was going to be. But it's just you guys!
How long have you known??
Damien told me about it yesterday. I've only known for about 20 hours.
This is amazing.. I can't believe it.
No one is watching us. So I'm just going to...
Mwah!
I'm so happy. These past 20 hours have all been so fantastic. We became a thing and now we get to live together. There's no way this isn't a dream.
Well if it is a dream we should make the most of it. This place has a basement we could sneak to for a minute. If you know what I'm saying.
Coast is still clear. You lead the way.
Be quiet and careful. We don't have long before they come looking for us.
Huh, I like it down here. I might just take the basement myself.
It would make it easier for us to do things like this.
True, so what do you want to do?
Well last time you said you almost came just from me deep throating. I want to try it again. I think I could do it better.
There's no such thing as better but you're free to try.
Just wait and see. Nothing ever happened from our last bet but want to make a new one?
Sure, what is it?
If I can make you cum in less than 3 minutes you have to take me out on a date.
You know I would take you anyway right?
That's no fun though. Come on. I make you cum in less than 3 minutes and I get to choose where we go.
You're starting to sound like a porn ad... Deal. I win either way.
Yeah, me too honestly.
You just shouldn't wear pants. It would make my job easier.
Who knows, you've never lived me with me before. I usually sleep nude.
You shouldn't have told me that.
I know exactly what I'm doing telling you that.
Mmmmhmmm. Well I guess you'll be waking up to me soon.
I can't wait.
And I can't wait to get these shorts off of you.
Much, much better. So when does the timer start?
I'll be fair. As soon as your lips touch the timer starts.
Hmmm, okay. Are you ready?
I don't think I'll ever not be ready.
Have to focus... Try not to think about how good that feels..
Damn Shauna.. All she's doing is playing with the tip and I'm already losing my cool.
How is she so good at this?
Mmmmm...
Focus.. Focus.. focus.. foc...
Oh no... There's no way I'm going to make it through 3 minutes of this.
Wait...
Why do I care? I would take Shauna wherever she wanted to go anyway.
I need to drop my competitive side and just enjoy this moment with this beautiful woman.
Ohhh.... Fuck yes Shauna. Hold it right there.
Do you like having that much of me in you?
Mmmhmmmmm.
Oh man, I'm so worked up right now. I don't know if it's because of how amazing it feels or because we could get caught any moment..
I'm gonna take control now. Just stay exactly how you are, okay?
Mmmmhmmm...
Oh Shauna... This feels fucking fantastic.
She's doing that thing with her tongue again. She knows exactly how to get me off.
She's barely even flinching with my thrusts.. She's incredible.
I'm close to my boiling point. I can go ahead and finish or try to hold out for as long as I can. There's no way I'm making it past 3 minutes.
MMMmmm!
Ahhh.. Holy shit!
I just came down her throat without warning her. I hope she's not mad.
Hmmm... Wow, [mcf] that was a lot.
I'm sorry. I should have warned you, I just got so into it that I could barely think.
Ohhh... That's senstitive.
Jesus.. This girl just doesn't stop. She knows all the buttons to push.
Phew.. I didn't think you were going to stop.
Hehe.. There was some left. I didn't want it to go to waste.
You're not mad at me for not warning you?
No silly. I could feel you starting to tense up in my mouth so I knew it was coming.
You're fucking perfect.
So when is our date?
What were you wanting to do? You won the bet. Anything you want we can do.
How about after everyone falls asleep tonight you come get me from my new room? I'll tell you where to go then.
Sounds perfect. As soon as everyone is asleep I'll come get you.
Great. I'll try not to be asleep this time.
Haha, that would be helpful.. Actually. I didn't mind the view I got last time.
What? Of these? You can see them anytime you want.
I'll repeat. You're fucking perfect.
And so are you. We should get back to [am] and [g1] before they get suspicious.
You're right. Let me throw my clothes back on and we'll head upstairs.
I still can't believe me and Shauna are doing this. I know I should feel insanely guilty but I don't.
There's true feelings between me and her.
There's true feelings between me and [g1] as well though. No matter what I'm going to have to let her know about me and Shauna sometime.
She deserves the truth. I just don't know how to tell her.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner. I just found out yesterday and I wanted it to be a surprise.
It's okay! Does [am] and [g1] know?
Yes, I told them last night.
Can we go see them? I want to hug them.
Haha, of course we can. Come on.
I just don't know how to..
Everything is going to be okay.. I promise.
What are they talking about?
Hey guys...
Hey Shauna. Did [mcf] tell you yet?
Yes he did.. We're going to all be living together here!
Awh, you're teary eyed. Come here!
Our first hug as a family.
I'm so happy I'm going to be with you guys.
Isn't the house amazing?
It could be a cardboard box for all it matters. I'm just happy I'm here with you all.
Exactly. Us all being here makes it special.
It's nice to see all the girls I care about getting along so well.
BZZZ, BZZZ
Oh, my phone is vibrating. I wonder who it is.
Hey kid, it's Rachael. Just messaging you to let you know Anna just arrived at her hotel.
She told me to send this to you.
A very plain selfie. She's truly ready to be a mom.
Speaking of her being a mom, when can she expect to see you?
I'll be there sometime tonight. Around 9.
I'll let her know. Are you free tomorrow?
I can't say yet. I should be in the evening though.
Could you handle it if I sent another girl? That is if tonight goes well.
That should be fine. Have any photos of the woman in question?
Not at the moment. I'll send some later today.
I look forward to them. Bye Rach.
Wait! I just want to say to treat Anna right. She's going to be nervous. Use the same charm you had with me and you'll make her feel right at home.
Don't worry about that. I'll make sure she feels comfortable and leaves happy.
Great, I know I can count on you. Bye [mcf].
Was sort of hoping for another picture of Rachael. Oh well. I might ask for one tonight.
Hey! I said family hug. Why aren't you in it?
Sorry, I was just watching all my favorite people in the world be happy.
You're the reason all of us are happy. Without you none of us would be here.
You guys seriously give me too much credit.
And you seriously don't give yourself enough.
If it wasn't for you I would still be at home. Scared of the world and crying in my pillow.
You've brought me out of my shell and showed me what it's like to be loved and cared about.
You're never out of my thoughts. I care about you so much.
You've changed my life and I'm so lucky to have you. I love you [mcf].
I love you too [g1].
I'll go next. You saved my life.
I'll never be able to repay you for all you've done for me. You don't even know half of it.
We've been best friends for as long as I can remember and never once have I ever felt I couldn't rely on you.
There was no one else. You could have disregarded me like everyone else.. but you didn't.
You showed me I have value and it's okay to love myself. You made me human again. And I love you for it.
Wow guys.. I don't know what to say. I love you too Shauna.
My turn now.
How I view it.. My life didn't start until you came into it.
I was just another girl who didn't know what she wanted in life. No real motivations. Then you happened.
It was clear from then that my only goal in life was to raise you into a respectable and happy man.
But it turned out you were already that. You were already mature beyond your years and I'm pretty sure you protected me more than I protected you.
You already being the way you are allowed us to just be each other's friends. I don't think I've disciplined you a day in your life.
Even as a kid you knew how to make me forget about all of my problems.
There's no way for anyone to love something more than I love you. You changed my life in the best way possible.
You may not be mine.. But I'm insanely proud to call you my son.
Jesus guys.. I love you mom. I'd do anything for you.
I love you all. You girls are the three pillars in my life. I wouldn't be able to do this without each of you.
Speaking of family and all.. Where is Elizabeth?
Jasmine said she took off after she woke up.
I guess she's going to get her dorm and everything set up.
Oh yeah. Are we not going to invite her to stay here?
I don't know babe...
I understand, we'll talk about it later.
We need to celebrate. Plus I'm starving. How about we all go somewhere nice. My treat.
KNOCK, KNOCK
Oh hey Jasmine. What are you doing here?
Hey [mcf]. Just picking up the girls. How did meeting coach go?
It went well. What do you mean you're picking the girls up?
I'm taking them to get their nails done.
I told them I would earlier today. I'm going to use your restroom real quick.
I'm sorry [mcf]. If you're hungry I can stay home and cook you something.
No mom, It's fine. Go have a good time. Get pampered a little bit.
Are you sure? What are you going to eat?
I'm sure, I'll find something. Have a good time. You deserve it.
Thank you honey. I haven't been to one of these places in a long time.
Don't eat too much though. I'm going to cook you something tonight okay?
Okay, that would be nice. Just not breakfast again all right?
Ha, fair. I'll get everything I need while we are out. What would you like?
You got it. It will be the first meal made for us all as a family.
I'll see you later honey. I love you.
I love you too, have fun.
You can come with us if you want to.
I don't think I'd enjoy myself too much.
Sounds like someone who has never had a mani pedi before.
True, today isn't my day though.
Are you sure you're good babe? I can skip out and we can go get something to eat.
It's all right. I want to see my girls all glamoured up. What color are you going to go for?
Yellow of course. WVM spirit and all.
Good answer.
I think so too.
Mwah!
Shauna seems less put off by this kiss than yesterday's kiss.
She actually seems like she enjoys it.. Or she's just acting.
I'll see you soon. I love you.
I love you too. Be ready to model your nails for me when you get back.
You'll see plenty of them. Bye baby.
Listen.. As much as I love you and am happy to be here at WVM... My nails aren't going to be yellow.
Ha, that's fine. Yellow doesn't really go with your style. Get whatever you want.
I'll see you soon Shauna. Take care of [g1] and [am] for me.
You can count on me.
Are all the girls good to go?
Yep, the other two are outside.
Can you head out with them for a moment? I need to talk to [mcf].
Oh, uhh.. Sure.
Bye [mcf]. Are you going to be here when we get back?
I can't say. I have no clue.
I hope you are.
I'll leave a note if I go anywhere.
Good, I'll see you later [mcf]. Love you.
Love you too.
Thank you for taking them out Jasmine. They all really deserve some pampering.
All girls do.
So what did you need to talk about?
A few minutes after we leave. Zoe will come inside.
Who is Zoe?
The cheer captain. You're going to see her quite a bit so make a good impression.
That's it. I'm going to head out and take them now.
Final time asking. Can you really not tell me what they have planned?
I think they're just going to do a cheer routine for you and welcome you to WVM. Nothing major.
That's it? What was Coach going on about then?
I'll catch you later [mcf].
Oh! Damien said he's going to come by here soon. So be ready for him too.
Sounds good. Thanks again.
No problem.
Zoe... Hopefully this goes as innocently as Jasmine made it sound.
Just a simple cheer routine and then back to my normal day.
I really am starving though.
Knock, knock
Coming!
Well hello there.
Hey. It's nice to meet you. I'm [mcf].
It's a pleasure to meet you too! I want to speak on behalf of the whole cheer squad when I say that we're so excited to be able to cheer for you this year.
Damn, okay. She seems nice. I was just overthinking things.
The university president has made it my personal mission to make sure you have an enjoyable time here at WVM.
So if there is anything you need just come to me and I'll do whatever I can to help out.
That sounds great. I'm very happy here so far though.
That's great! I hope it stays that way.
Can you do me a favor?
Probably. What is it?
I just need you to go into a room for a minute while we move some stuff inside. It's a surprise.
Uhh... Sure. I guess I can do that.
Fantastic! We won't take long. I'll yell for you when we are finished.
Okay.. Sounds good.
Skrrrrrrrrrrrttt...!
What are they doing? It sounds like they're scraping 1000 nails on a single chalkboard.
If this house wasn't completely empty right now I'd be worried they might be stealing something.
I wonder how many girls are with her. I wonder how many guys are on the cheer team.
Knock, knock
Okay, we're all set.
That didn't take long.
I told you we wouldn't. I wouldn't lie to you.
Now come on. Follow me. It's show time.
Where are we going?
Your basement. It has the most space for us.
Okay, it really is just a cheer routine. That's nice though.
Lead the way.
Oh! Before we head down.
There's someone I want you to meet.
Bailey!! Come up here a second!
Coming!
Oh! Hey there [mcf]. It's great to finally meet you!
It's great to meet you too Bailey.
Please make it to where I don't have to cheer for a winless team and fake a smile on the sidelines like usual.
Ha, I'll do my best.
We have a surprise set up for you. I think you're going to enjoy it.
I'm sure I will.
Shall we go see it?
Let's do it.
'Whispering' Hey [mcf]. Close your eyes for a second.
Huh? Why?
'Whispering' Shhh. Just do it.
And just like that I'm nervous again.
Just follow the sound of my voice.
A few more steps...
And stop. Open your eyes!
Fuck... This doesn't seem like a cheer routine at all.
Surprise! You're going to initiate in all of our new cheerleaders!
Who is that? Why does she seem familiar?
Go ahead! Turn around Elizabeth!
[mcf]??? What are you doing here?!
Elizabeth?? What happened to your hair??
They had me dye it. What's going on?
What's the problem guys?
That's my girlfriend's sister. I need to talk to you and Bailey for a second.
What is she doing here? Why is she nude in my basement?
We thought it would be a good idea to have new cheerleaders be initiated in by you.
What do you mean initiate them? How?
If they pass all other tests then they would have to come to you.
They have to get the greenlight from you by... having sex with you. If they do a good job then they can be on the cheer team.
I thought you would like it. It's just for fun...
This isn't some random fling for fun at college. That's cheating on my girlfriend with her sister.
Well listen here! This wasn't my idea. This came straight from our university president. He said any girl that couldn't make you happy didn't deserve to be on the squad.
So either you swallow your pride and be a man or she's not a cheerleader anymore!
I'm going upstairs.
I'm sorry about her. She's not usually like that. She's just stressed out right now.
She has so many people in her ear telling her what she has to do for you.
She really thought you would like this. We didn't know she was related to your girlfriend.
I understand and I'm not blaming you guys. But this is way too far.
I'm gonna go talk to her. Make sure she's okay.
Okay, I'm going to talk to Elizabeth.
I'm so sorry [mcf]. I swear I didn't know this was their plan.
I believe you. Can you scoot over a bit? I want to sit and have a conversation with you.
Uhh. Sure. You're not upset?
No, not at all. Not at you anyway. I can tell by your reaction that you didn't know what was happening.
I really didn't. I just thought this would be the usual hazing you hear about. You know, like all the spanking and name calling sort of stuff?
Yeah, I thought I was just coming down here to watch a cheer routine.
Haha, yeah. I guess we both weren't quite expecting what we got then.
I liked you better as a red head.
Heh, yeah me too.
Can I ask you something? I don't want to cross any lines though.
I'm naked in your basement. I don't think there's any left to cross.
Good point. How much does cheerleading mean to you?
You have no idea. Cheerleading has always been my outlet.
How much has [g1] told you about her past? Like about our family?
Not much. She doesn't like talking about it. All I know is that your dad hasn't been a great father.
That's quite an understatement. I'd hardly call him a father.
He would call us sluts, ugly, unlovable. Anything mean you can think of, he's said to us.
That led to a lot of anger. In both me and [g1].
I let all that build up and I wasn't a happy kid. That was until I found cheer.
It let me express myself and get rid of a bunch of that anger and hurt.
I remember my first time cheering at an actual game.
I was standing on the sideline. Minding my own business doing my best to look like I belonged. Then out of nowhere a giant comes crashing into me and knocks me to the floor.
I felt so embarrassed. I remember my face getting so hot and just wanting to lay on the ground and try to be invisible.
I'm still sorry about that. I lost my balance diving for a ball going out of bounds.
That's when you picked me up and brought me over to the team's doctor to make sure I was okay.
An act like that to a girl that was in the mindset I was in was nothing short of god like.
After that I fell in love with cheer. I loved being at your games and seeing you win in the ways you have. It's everything I've ever wanted for you.
I know I've given you and [g1] a lot of grief growing up. I don't know why I did.
Well actually I do, it was for attention. Me and [g1] both didn't get much as children. So I guess we just crave for it now.
That explains why [g1] has been acting the way she has the past few days.
That girl loves you. Everytime she was with you she would come home with a huge smile.
I've even caught her reading books on how to be the perfect girlfriend. She even does the thing where you're her phone background and she writes your name all over her notebooks.
She even says your name in her sleep. She's crazy about you and I'm happy she has you to make her happy.
The reason I'm saying all that is because cheer is my you. It makes me happy, I study it, and it's all I think about.
Cheer was everything I needed growing up. It gave me confidence and strength when I had none.
I would love for that to continue here. I want to cheer you on especially. But I understand why you can't do this.
I don't understand. They say they're doing all of this to make me happy but all I want is for you to be able to do what you want to do unbridled by my decisions.
Have you met the uni president?
No, not yet.
The man thinks the world runs on sex. In his eyes sex is the problem and the solution.
He thinks if I can't please you in this way how can I be worthy of cheering for you?
That's completely asinine. You deserve to cheer here. I've never seen you miss a practice or let your squad down.
I had a great guy to look up to in that way.
You shouldn't be nude in any basement. You're a beautiful woman who is better than this.
Cheer is all I have. I don't have any friends and my sister hates me.
First off, we're friends. And about your sister, It doesn't have to be that way. College can be a fresh start.
The things you said about your father, she went through that too. She could have used a big sister like you to help her through it.
You don't have a clue how awful I feel about the way I've treated her.
I'm sure she regrets a lot of things she's said about you too. You two need to sit down and hash it out.
You're family in a foreign place. You should be close not enemies.
You don't need cheer to be your outlet. You would have us.
You're right [mcf]....
Hey... I'm sorry for what I said earlier. I was out of line.
It's fine. I'm sure you're stressed out.
You have no idea. It's been a rough few days.
Couldn't you just tell the president that we did it?
Maybe... I'm here on a cheer scholarship though. If he found out I lied to him it wouldn't end well for me.
It's okay [mcf]. I'll be fine.
So does that mean you're not going to do it?
I'll do it.
Wait, what?
I said I'll do it. You and me might not always get along. That doesn't mean you weren't always there to cheer me on though.
You were always there, every single game. You've worked so hard for it and you deserve this and I don't want to be the reason you can't have it.
If everyone here promises that this never leaves this room, I'll do it.
I promise.
Me too! Lips are sealed!
Liz? What about you?
[mcf]... I'm shocked. You don't have to do this.
I do, we can do this. We will never speak about it and no one will ever know about it. This is a one time thing.
After this you have to promise me that you'll try to patch things up with [g1]. She needs her sister and I think you need her too.
Oh my god thank you [mcf].. I promise.
There is one more thing though.
Oh no.. What?
She has to do all the work. You're not allowed to do anything.
Why?
It's the whole point of it. To see if the cheerleaders can please you.
Okay.. Anything else?
I think that's it.
Okay. Let's do this then. Can we pull the table out from this corner?
Uhh sure, Bailey help them pull the table.
Okay this is good. Thanks Bailey.
Yeah, thank you.
No problem, I'm just happy that this is working out. You guys were giving me anxiety.
So? What are you waiting for? Lay down.
Liz seems a little too happy about how this is playing out.
Okay, I guess it's now or never.
Now I'm not allowed to help you at all. But I think helping take off his shorts will be okay.
I'll get his shirt.
I think he's ready. I can see something growing in there.
Holy shit!!
What the fuck [mcf]?! I knew you'd probably have a big one from seeing you in sweatpants but wow!
Are you sure I'm not allowed to help??
I thought I was jealous of her before! That's crazy big.
Hop on up cowgirl!
Are you sure about this [mcf]?
I'm sure.
Look at that dick, he is clearly sure.
Bailey, pull your tits out for him.
Just lay back [mcf]. I'll take care of everything.
So what do you think [mcf]? Are you more a fan of smaller perky breasts like mine or are you a jugs like Elizabeth kind of man?
Liz's are great. They're fun to look at.
Awh, fair enough.
While Liz's are great, I like perky ones more.
Great. I'll keep that in mind.
[mcf]... I'm going to stick it in now.
Oooh, I want to get a good view.
Yeah, me too.
Ahhhhhhh...
Holy shit, she's taking it like a champ.
How does that feel [mcf]?
It feels great.
Mmmm. Is she nice and wet and tight? Doesn't it feel so great to be in her warm pussy?
Would you like it if I got behind her and licked your balls while you stuff her pussy?
Woah, calm it down there Bailey. This is Liz's turn. You'll get a chance later.
We're going to leave you two to do it.
How will you know we did it?
Well your dick is currently in her.. That's pretty good proof.
How about we leave you two alone and she comes back upstairs with a nice facial.
I'll help her clean it up.
That works with me...
Have fun you two. Come on Bailey.
Your dick feels so good [mcf].
You're not all the way down yet.
I don't know if I can.
There's only one way to find out.
Ahhhhh... Oohh... That's so fucking big.
There's no way I can ride this thing. It's making my legs weak.
Just try your best. This already feels really good.
Okay, I'll try to rock on it.
Ahhhhhhhhhh... Holy fuck [mcf]. You're turning my body into jelly.
Just keep doing what you're doing. That feels fucking great.
You're damn right it does
Liz... I'm about to cum.
Oh! Stand up, you have to do it on my face.
That was great by the way. My legs are wobbly as can be. I didn't think I could hold myself up much longer.
Thank you again. I owe you big time. Now let's finish this and you finish all over my face. Give me all you got. Show them I did a good job.
Ohhhh.. Holy shit!
How the fuck did I still have so much left after doing things with [g1] and Shauna?
How the fuck did I still have so much after doing things with [g1]?
Wow.. Was it that good?
It definitely wasn't bad.
After we walk upstairs and show them. We never speak of this again.
I'm going to have [g1] talk to you and you're going to do whatever it takes to regain her trust.
I would like that very much.
Me too, let's go show them so they know.
Right behind you.
Oh damnnn.. A load as big as the cock it came from. Good job Elizabeth.
Thank you. Where did Bailey go?
I sent her home. She got a little too weird for me after seeing [mcf]'s dick.
I think she's in love.
Can you blame her?
No comment. I will say I did not expect that from this though.
That's [mcf]. He always surprises.
I'm gonna go get cleaned up.
But you look so sexy with all that on you. Fine. I need to talk to [mcf] alone for a minute anyway.
So how was she? Did she earn it?
You saw the proof. She's the best cheerleader I've ever known and you're lucky to have her on your squad.
Now you said it's your job to keep me happy right?
Yes, I did.
I'm happy now, but let me tell you this. If I hear anything about Liz not being treated fairly or harassed by anyone. That will change real quick.
Oooo.. You're feisty as well? You're after my own heart.
I'm not joking. If anything happens to her you're going to answer for it. You got me?
Don't worry, she'll be treated like a queen.
Now I'm gonna call Coach and tell her we're done here so she'll be here soon.
And if you need me I'll be at the court with a few of the other ladies.
See you soon [mcf].
Oh, and go WVM!
Thank god that's over. For now anyways.
I trust that they won't tell anyone. It would hurt them just as much as it would hurt me.
Why are you standing here staring like that?
Oh, I was just thinking.
Are you okay? Are we going to be okay?
Yeah, everything is fine. What happened down there happened. It was just to give you what you deserve.
You don't know how appreciative I am. Thank you so much. I owe you.
Just be ready to cheer for me. That's how you'll pay me back.
That I can do. My legs are still weak.. Can we sit down for a second?
Sure..
I can't... If [g1] ever found out she would hate me.
That doesn't mean this is over. I'm going to talk to the uni president and get this all straightened out.
You don't have to do that.. I'll be okay.
It's the least I can do. If he wants me to be happy then it's the least he can do as well.
All right. I can't say I'm mad at you for that or anything. I guess me and Bailey will head out.
You don't have to go.
There's still a lot we have to do to get ready for the season. I'm sorry that this is how we met.
Yeah, me too. How about we just pretend this never happened and start fresh next time.
Sure.. I would like that. I'm going to call Coach and tell her we're done here. So she'll be here soon.
If you need me for anything I'll be at the court.
Bye guys.. Sorry again.
It's okay, tell Bailey I said bye too.
Bye Zoe.
You should go get dressed Liz. We have to talk.
Okay, I'll be right back.
Hey Liz, I'm going to be in the next room over when you're done getting dressed just come over there.
Okay, I'm almost done.
Man, what the fuck was that? From thinking it was a cheer routine into being bribed to fuck my girlfriend's sister.
I'll get all this cleared up. Liz deserves to be on the cheer squad. I'm sure after i talk to the pres he will agree.
Knock, knock
I'm in here.
So that never happened right?
That's right.
Well, what did happen was you opened up to me about your feelings.
I know you're a sweet girl deep down. Your father might have been an asshole and you nor [g1] deserved that.
But this is your chance to have a fresh start away from all those emotions. You can be your true self.
I know.. I just don't think [g1] will believe me.
I'll convince her. You've put her through a lot. I'm not saying it will be easy or fast. But it's not too late to fix your relationship with her.
Do you really believe that?
With all my heart, I do.
So how do we start?
I'm going to talk to her. Get the idea in her head and see how she responds.
From there we just do what feels right. You're free to stay here by the way.
Is [g1] going to be okay with that?
Don't worry about that. After they get back I'm going to talk to her about everything.
I've known you pretty much my whole life. I consider you family. I'm going to fight for you.
Thank you [mcf]...
Now that also means you're going to have to change as well.
No more calling her names, no more taunting, no more flirting with me.
I promise. I'll be the best sister to her.
Good. I'll talk to you more about this after I talk to her okay?
Okay, I'm excited.
Knock, knock
Come in! We're in here!
Oh hey coach. How are you doing?
I'm doing great. How did meeting Zoe go?
Interesting to say the least.
Ha, I'm sure.
Can I talk to you alone for a minute?
Sure. Liz I will be right back.
Take your time. I have a lot to think about anyway.
So.. I have a present for you.
Is it a shiny new playbook for me to study?
Good guess.
Advanced micropipette techniques for cell physiology?
What? You want it to say in big bold letters 'BASKETBALL PLAYBOOK PLEASE READ'?
No one wants to read this for fun. It's discreet.
True actually, I wouldn't look twice at that book.
Just skim through it, it's nothing crazy. I don't expect you to know it all in one night.
I'll get it memorized as soon as possible. Thank you for bringing this to me.
It was my pleasure. How did the cheerleaders treat you? Did you like their show?
Show? Oh. Their cheer routine?
Yeah, they said they had a special one just for you and that you had to judge the new girl. How'd she do?
Uhh.. She did well.
That's great to hear.
She doesn't need to know what actually happened. I don't think it would help anyone for her to know.
Knock, Knock, Knock.
Oh! That must be Damien. I told him I was headed here.
Come in!
Hey-o! How's it going you two?
As great as can be.
How are you liking life here so far at WVM [mcf]?
Yeah it's going great, feels like home already.
That's fantastic.
Yes it is. Let's hope we can keep it that way.
It's not bad. It's always taken me time to adjust to new places. I'll be good.
Just let us know if there is anything we can do to make you feel more at home.
Yes, please do. Anything you need we are here to help.
I'm fine guys. You've done plenty as is.
I don't want to sound like I'm on a high horse.. But I assumed I'd be meeting a lot more people today.
What do you mean?
Like the president of the college. Or some fans maybe.
Oh you will. No one knows you're here yet. No one outside of school staff and people we trust anyway.
As far as the public knows.. you don't arrive until tomorrow morning. So expect a few people to hound you at practice tomorrow.
The school president is flying back from his vacation now. He'll probably want to meet up with you tonight.
We just wanted you to be able to come here and relax a bit before the media gets attached to you.
Oh okay, cool. I appreciate that.
Honestly one thing that would make me feel more relaxed is if I could get on a court. Shoot some hoops.
Hey, I know I was too tired yesterday but I feel good now. Want to head to a court and play a bit?
Really? Yeah I'd love to... I probably need to study the playbook though.
That can wait until later tonight. I'd like to see you play in person myself.
Okay, I'm down then. Where's the closest basketball court?
Well there's ours. But it's not open until tomorrow morning. They're still finishing some last minute touches on it.
There's the one at the middle school. I can get us in there.
That works with me.
Me too, I don't know where it is though.
I'll drive us all there.
Perfect, thank you.
You're welcome. Let's get going. No use in burning daylight.
10 minutes later
Not bad for a middle school.
That's what I'm saying. Other than the markings.
Yeah that three pointer is pretty much a free throw anywhere else.
Quit being picky you two. It's all we have right now.
No complaints here, it's great. It's bringing back a bunch of old memories.
Good, while you two reminisce I'm gonna change into something more appropriate.
There's usually a ball in the stands, see if you can find one [mcf].
Yep, I got one.
Pass it here.
I can't believe we're finally here. Ever since I learned you were coming here.. I've been waiting for this day.
Well we're here now. Impress me. Hit a full court shot and I'll buy you lunch for a week.
Don't tempt me with easy food. I hit these in my sleep.
All right. Make it and I buy you food for the whole week. Miss it and take the whole team out for lunch after practice tomorrow.
Deal. Now watch this.
If he makes this first try I'll be genuinely impressed.
Damn it! So close!
Welp, egg on my face. Got the ball stuck on my very first shot.
You were close though. It was a respectable attempt.
Don't give me that, I should've made that.
Listen, we'll split the bill tomorrow. How about that?
Nah, a bet is a bet. Enjoy the free lunch.
What did you two do?
Damn, you changed fast. And we already got the ball wedged.
Ha, let's hope that's not indicative of things to come.
If only I had two giants capable of reaching great heights to help me get this down.
I got it. I don't think I've jumped in like two weeks.
Way to make it look easy.
It's what I do.
All right, now that we have a ball. What do you want to do?
I want to see something.
Okay.. What would that be?
I've watched a ton of film on [mcf]. He's the most logical player I've ever seen.
He never goes for a flashy play. He plays with his brain and not his body.
I think I know where this is going. I'll just stand over here.
Now that logical playstyle is great. But this is a new league. We still play other D1 schools.
Everything is faster. Sometimes you don't have time to think, you just have to rely on your instincts.
So I just want to do a little lesson.
But first answer this.. Why do you play?
I love the game.
Deeper than that. What are your motivations? What goals do you have that you can achieve through this?
I want to take care of those that I care about.
Fair, now I'm gonna set a scene. It's the 4th quarter. You're down by 1 and there's only 5 seconds remaining on the clock.
Scouts fill the stands. They're all watching and judging you. This is your chance to lock your ticket for a lottery draft pick.
That means millions of dollars. You'll be able to take care of anyone you want to.
You have the ball, you're driving down the court. Only one man in front of you.
That one man will do whatever it takes to take that away from you.
Everything you've worked for, he wants to ruin. What do you do?
Well.. I think I wou-
No! No thinking! Just do!
If someone was trying to stop me from giving [am] what she deserves then I wouldn't hold anything back.
If that's how he wants it...
5 seconds... No time for anything fancy, just straight ahead.
I already have him on his back foot. All it would take is a little move to the left and he'd be on the ground. I could also just pull up a shot from here.
Oh wait.. I'm not supposed to be thinking.
No brain play is to just go straight through him with it.
He's going straight up. No chance of getting fouled unless he smacks my hand.
Damn Damien, that was quick.
Just because you got a hand on it doesn't mean it isn't going in though.
Easy as ever. Damien did well though.
Damn, okay. I've seen you do that shit on film but it happens even faster in person.
I thought I had you.
It was close.
Yeah, apparently I'm really good at close.
You were quick. I'm impressed.
You were running right at me. I just had to go up with you.
Yeah.. But you kept your balance and stayed straight. Usually I'd have to lean into guys and draw a foul but that wasn't an option.
Sounds like you were thinking in my instincts drill.
It worked out...
Yeah, I guess it did.
That was impressive. Both of you.
It really was!
Huh? Who is that?
Oh wow, when did she show up?
It's always nice to have girls around to see you do something cool.
Come here [mcf]. I want to introduce you to my daughter.
This is my daughter Natalie
Hey, it's very nice to meet you. My name is [mcf].
Trust me, I know who you are. It's great to meet you.
I'll leave you two to get yourselves acquainted.
That dunk was really cool. I hope to see that in a real game.
Ha, yeah me too. I'll do my best to make it happen.
You liking it here so far? Any complaints?
I don't have any complaints. Everyone's been great to me.
That's great. How do you like my mom?
She's cool. I can tell she cares and I don't know. I want to do well for her.
She's talked about you non-stop. I'm just happy that she's happy.
[mcf]??? What are you doing here??
Oh hey Bailey. We were just about to play around a little bit. What are you doing here?
Our gym is closed so I was coming here. Can I watch you guys play?
Well we actually need a fourth.. Either of you ladies want to play?
Sure, I'm down to play.
I'll cheer you guys on. If that's cool with you.
That's very cool with me. Give me a preview of what to expect in real games.
Yay! Focus on the game but look at me when you can!
So whose team am I on?
I have something in mind. Make it fair and fun. Follow me.
How was she?
What do you mean?
Do you like her? My daughter?
Yeah she's cool. Uhh.. I had an idea.
What is it?
Me and Damien vs Coach and Natalie.
That's hardly fair. Don't you think?
Me and you can not cross the three point line on offense and can't go past the three line on defense.
Oooh. That sounds fun. That good with you Natalie?
Yeah that sounds fun. Can I guard [mcf]?
Awh.. Sure. I'll guard Damien.
15 minutes later
Man, Natalie is playing me tight. I assumed she would be kind of awkward or bumbly.
She's basically hugging me as we play.
I guess that's what happens when your mom is a basketball coach.
Me and Damien haven't missed yet. I don't intend for that to change.
I really do want to impress. After all I am a shooting guard.
Natalie lagged behind me there. I should have an easy fade shot.
Yeah she's not making it in time. Now just to focus and hit the shot.
Oh shit, she jumped and is headed straight toward me. I'm already off balance and leaning back.
Woo! Go [mcf]!
Fuck, we're going down. Every muscle in my body wants to turn sideways to protect myself but I don't want Natalie to get hurt.
If I just take the landing and land on my back I'll be fine. It will hurt but at least she'll be fine.
Holy shit!! Aghhhhh!
Oh my god! I'm so sorry!
[mcf]!? Are you okay??
Her knee feels like it was just surgically attached to my dick.
I think I'm gonna throw up.
[mcf].. What's wrong?? Are you okay?
I'm fine. She just landed somewhere sensitive.
I'm so sorry [mcf].. I was just trying to block your shot.
Holy fuck my stomach is in knots from that.
Mhmm.. It's fine. Accidents happen. I just need a minute.
Damien. Help me take him to the nurse.
What? No. I don't need a nurse. It's just a nut shot. I'll be fine in a few minutes.
I just need to lay right here for a bit.
No, you need to see the nurse. What if you're hurt?
The president would kill me if you got hurt the day before practice starts. [mcf], please go get checked out.
Girls, I'm fine. Just give me a minute I promise.
Please [mcf]. I'd feel so awful if you were injured. Please go make sure.
Come on man. Appease the girls. I'd feel better if you got checked out too.
All of you just won't take no for an answer huh? If it will ease everyone's mind, let's go.
I'm so sorry [mcf].
It's fine Natalie. I've been hurt way worse before. It's just a part of the game.
Just maybe next time we play we'll get you some knee pads because those things are dangerous.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.. My body just sorta threw my knees up.
I know, I know. I'm just joking with you. Everything is just fine.
It's kind of my fault anyway. I made you fall on me instead of falling to my side. I didn't want you to get hurt.
Oh.. [mcf]. You should've just let me fall...
Not gonna happen.
He's going to be fine. Every guy has been in his spot. It just takes some time.
Nonetheless, let's get to the nurse.
Here we are. Nurse said she'd be here in a second.
What's wrong Bailey?
I'm just worried. I don't want you to be hurt.
You'll see. I'm fine. Thanks for caring though.
Of course. Thank you for coming to the nurse.
Go ahead and lay down on the bed.
Do you need anything? Anything at all?
Yes I do.
What? I'll do anything you need me to do.
I need you to relax and forgive yourself. You didn't do anything wrong.
But everyone is so excited about you. What if you're hurt and can't play?
I'm not hur-.. Mmmmm..
Fuck, my stomach is cramping up. How hard did she land on me?
What's wrong [mcf]?
Nothing, my stomach just cramped some. It's nothing to worry about. It's normal.
Are you sure?
Positive, seriously girls. Stop worrying.
All right.. We'll try.
We're going to be in the waiting room. If you need anything at all just have the nurse get us.
You don't have to wait on me. I'd feel better if you girls went on with your day.
We can stay [mcf]. Seriously.
No, I'm sure you two have plenty to do today. If I need either of you I'll call okay?
Okay.. Is it okay if I come by your practice tomorrow? Just to check on you?
Sure, I'm going to be fine but I don't mind you checking in.
Great, I'll see you then [mcf]. It was nice meeting you.
You too Natalie. I'll see you at practice as well Bailey.
Bright and early. Get better [mcf].
No, I just want you to go home and forget about it. Everything is fine. You have other things to worry about. I don't want to be on that list.
Okay.... I'll see you around [mcf].. It was nice meeting you.
You too Natalie. I'll see you later Bailey.
Bright and early. Get better [mcf].
Well hello there. What brings you here today?
Had a little incident. Just a knee to the groin and they freaked out. Wanted to make sure I was okay.
Well that's no good. How much pain are you in?
It's not too bad. Just cramping in my stomach.
Sounds about right, well I'll give you a minute just to rest a bit and see if it goes away. If it gets worse just hit the button on your bed.
I will. Thank you.
No problem sweety.
It's already easing up some. I'll just lay here for a bit and then let them know I'm good to go.
It was nice of them to worry so much about me. It's silly that I'm here but oh well.
At least the bed is comfy. Man, I'm still tired. Sleeping on that floor wasn't really that great.
I'm here anyway. Might as well take a nap. They'll wake me up in a few minutes anyway.
Mhmm. Just a quick nap.
Zzzzzz...
Agh! Just leave!
Hmm??
If I'm such a bitch then just fucking leave!
What's happening?
Where am I?
Get the fuck out of my house you crazy bitch!
What the fuck?
Get the fuck out!!
Who is that girl?
Oh baby, oh no. Come here.
Baby? What kind of dream is this?
Everything's okay. Mommy and Daddy are just playing.
Mommy? She can't be..
Come here baby boy. Everything is okay.
I love you. No matter what. You know that right?
CRASH!
Dad? Why is he slamming things around?
Uh oh, Daddy is getting a little out of hand again. Go on back to bed and I'll be in there in a minute to tuck you in baby.
I SAID GET THE FUCK OUT!!
Woah.. Oh, I'm back at the nurse.
That felt so real. Was it?
Was that really my mom? Did my dad actually do those things?
Fuck, why did I have to have that dream.
My chest feels so tight.
Oh.. [g1] is here. How long have I been here?
It's crazy how quick her presence can calm me down. Her just peacefully laying on my chest and I'm grounded back to reality.
Psss. [g1].
Hmmm??
Wake up. I'm up.
Hey baby. How are you feeling?
Way better now. How long have you been here? What time is it?
Not too long. Maybe a few hours.
I'm sorry. I just meant to take a nap.
You have nothing to be sorry about. I was very much enjoying laying here with you.
I love you [g1].
I love you more.
Why is it so dark in here? I want to see your beautiful face.
I had the nurse turn all the lights off. Except the one behind you, it wouldn't turn off so I threw a blanket around it.
Here, I'll put it off.
Let there be light. I'll never get tired of seeing your face in front of mine.
You're just so beautiful. Thank you for being here.
I'm always gonna be by your side. I'm just happy you're okay.
Oh! Did you get your nails done? How did they turn out?
Ha, About that...
Damien called Jasmine while I was getting mine done. She said that you got hurt and was here.
So I dropped everything and ran here.
Oh, I feel awful babe. I'll take you right now to get them finished.
Don't feel bad. Nails don't matter. I just wanted to make sure you're okay.
I appreciate that so much, but seriously. Let me take you to get them finished. You deserve it.
But [mcf]. I'd honestly rather just lay here with you.
I don't deserve you. You're perfect.
You absolutely do deserve me. Are you sure you're okay babe? You look a little flush still.
Yeah I'm fine. It's just, I had a weird dream.
What kind of dream?
It's hard to explain. I don't want to sound stupid.
I promise you won't. Tell me please.
It was about my mom.
[am]? What about her?
No, my real mom. I had a dream, I don't know if it's something that really happened or I just dreamt it.
I was in a hallway with her. Her and my dad were yelling at each other.
It felt so real. I felt scared.
He threw a chair at her. When she hit the ground she saw me and told me everything would be okay.
She hugged me and told me to go back to bed. Then I heard a crashing noise and woke up.
I don't know what to think about it. I always thought my dad was a saint. I'm just confused.
I'm so sorry. I'm here for you.
Do you know anything about her?
No, not really. My dad always hid everything about her.
Maybe you should ask [am] if she knows anything.
Yeah, I should. Thanks [g1].
Uhh.. While we're on the topic of dads. Can we talk about yours?
Why??
After you left I talked to Elizabeth. She told me about some of the awful things your father has done.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
No, no. Don't be. I understand.
I just didn't want you to think I had too much baggage or something.
What all did she tell you?
Just about some of the things he would say and how he treated you two.
I'm glad she told me. I'm glad you're far away from him and with me. I won't let anyone treat you like that again.
I love you... You're going to make me cry.
I want you to know that you're safe with me. Those days are over. You're a stunning girl with the biggest heart I've ever seen.
There's one more thing. Like I said, I talked to Elizabeth. She wants to try and fix things between you two.
She seemed entirely genuine. And deep down I think you need your sister.
So don't get mad.. but I told her she can live with us as long as she treats you how you deserve to be treated.
Oh.. That's not the response I expected.
So you're cool with that?
Of course. I was thinking about having that talk with her anyway. I was just scared to initiate it.
But you just always seem to know exactly what I need. It's incredible.
I never want to let you go.
Those workouts are paying off. I can actually tell you're squeezing now.
Better watch out. A few more months and I'll be coming for your spot on the basketball team.
I believe it. As much as I love laying here with you. We should head home. Let them know I'm okay.
Ugh.. You're right. They were really worried.
Do you need any help?
No, I'll be good. I'm still sore but I'm fine.
10 minutes later
That walk was actually pretty bad. I'm still really sore. Natalie has some bony knees.
[mcf]! You're home! How are you?
I'm fine. Sorry for making all of you worry.
Where did the mattresses come from?
We figured you'd want to rest when you got home so we went and got mattresses. We have to sleep somewhere tonight also.
Oh wow, these are comfy.
Come join us [mcf].
Uhh. I need to talk to [am] about something first.
What's wrong?
It's nothing. Just a dream I had about my mom.
It just has me a bit confused. I want to see if [am] has any answers.
Sorry for being a party pooper.
No, no. I'm sorry to hear that, I hope she does.
[g1].. Would you mind telling Shauna while I tell [am]?
Sure babe.
I'll be right back.
Mom?
[mcf]! How are you feeling? Are you okay?
I'm completely fine. The girls I was with just overreacted.
Uhh.. Can we talk about something?
That sounds serious.. What happened?
Well.. I had a dream. It was about my dad and biological mom.
I don't know if it was just a dream or I relived a memory.
I just saw them fighing, dad was being abusive.
I guess I'm just asking if you know anything. I'm just really confused about it all.
Uhh... Are you still hungry? I'll tell you everything I know over dinner okay?
Sure, is everything okay mom?
Of course honey. I just wasn't expecting that. You deserve to know all that I do. I knew you'd be curious eventually.
What does she know? That's very ominous.
We went by a cool looking place close by. We should try it out.
Go get the girls and we'll walk there.
10 minutes later
Thank you for taking us here.
Yeah, thanks guys.
Don't mention it. Thank you guys for being here.
Are you okay with [g1] and Shauna hearing everything? We can talk in private if you want to.
No, I want them here.
Okay. what do you want to know?
Have you ever met my mom?
Yes.. But not before your dad passed away. She got in contact with me and wanted to see you.
It was back when we were still in that mobile home. You were at practice all day and came home and fell asleep.
That's when she showed up. She sang to you while you slept. She got really emotional and had to leave.
For a long time after that she would keep in touch. Always check in on you.
She told me she even went to a few of your games to watch you play.
Why didn't she ever let me know?
She didn't want to complicate your life. She saw how happy we were and she still wasn't in a good place.
It hurt her more than you know.
How long has it been since you last spoke to her?
It's been a while. Over a year. I've tried to call her but haven't gotten an answer.
What about my dad?
What about him specifically?
I always thought he was the greatest man to ever live. Did he abuse her?
Oh.. [mcf]. Your father was a troubled man.
What do you mean?
I'm not saying he was a bad person. He had good intentions.
He just had a lot of demons. He had a lot of anger in him and he didn't know how to handle it.
He was a good dad for the most part. He would never do anything to hurt you. He had a drinking problem though.
I understand. You don't have to go into details on that one.
Okay. Do you have any other questions?
Do you think she would want to meet me?
Who wouldn't want to meet you? She's your mother. Of course she would.
No, you're my mom. You've been there for me all of my life. She's stayed away.
Honey, I know she hasn't been a good mom. But you need to realize she did what she thought was best for you.
I love you to death. I don't want you to hurt over this.
I love you too. I'm fine. Just a bit raddled.
I know honey. But none of that affects anything right? You're here at college with three women that would do anything for you.
Nothing will change that.
I love you all. Thanks for being honest with me [am].
I promised you I always would be. Now let's eat okay?
Yeah, I'm starving.
25 minutes later
Thank you for this everyone. I feel much better.
It's what we're here for.
That's right. Anything you need we can do.
Babe, you still look a little out of it.
How about I walk the three of us home and you just spend some time with your thoughts?
Are you sure? I really could use a walk.
Of course. It's not a far walk. Just stay safe.
I'll be home soon. I just need to sort my brain.
Take all the time you need. We'll be waiting for you at the house.
Call us if you need anything. We're going to have the house set up for you to just be able to come home and rest.
Thank you all again. I'll be home soon.
Man, I wonder how long it will be until I just have a normal day again.
I need to decide if I'm going to try and get in contact with my real mom.
She went all of this time without talking to me. Would she really even want to?
I need to stop thinking about it and just decide.
There's no harm in trying.
How do I do it though?
No, if she really wanted to meet she would have met me already. I should just focus on the girls that do want me in their lives.
Oh, a dog. Strange, I don't feel like I've seen one in a long time.
He's looking right at me.
He's a cute little guy.
That's a good boy.
Oh wow, I've never seen him warm up to a stranger so quickly.
I've always been good with animals. Not sure why.
You have a warm vibe. Are you attending WVM?
Yeah I am, what about you?
Sure am. It's nice to meet you. My name is Ruby.
It's nice to meet you too. My name is [mcf].
Wait. Are you that [mcf]?? The basketball player? My dog is pulling me away.
That's me. I'll see you around Ruby.
See you [mcf]!... Wow.
Oh shit, it's close to 9 already.
Rachael said she's a fixer. I wonder if she can find people.
Doesn't hurt to ask.
I'll just try calling her. Hopefully she picks up.
Ding Ding.
Hello?
Hey Rachael, it's [mcf].
I know it's you. Have you met with Anna yet?
No, I'm actually about to head there now. I just had a question.
Okay, what is it?
Could you find someone for me? You said you could do almost anything.
I sure can try. Who am I trying to find.
My real mom.
Oooh. Heavy. Do you have a name?
Uhh. What was her name?
Her name is [m] [mcl].
I'll get right on it. I'll let you know as soon as I know something.
Thank you. How much do I owe you?
Nothing. It's a friendly favor.
Thank you so much Rachael. I'll talk to you later.
See ya kid.
I know it's you. What do you need?
Could you find someone for me? You said you could do almost anything.
I sure can try. Who am I trying to find.
My real mom.
Oooh. Heavy. Do you have a name?
Uhh. What was her name?
Her name is [m] [mcl].
I'll get right on it. I'll let you know as soon as I know something.
Thank you. How much do I owe you?
Nothing. It's a friendly favor.
Thank you so much Rachael. I'll talk to you later.
See ya kid.
I need to head on to Anna's hotel before I'm late.
5 minutes later
Knock, Knock
I'm coming!
Hey there. [mcf] right?
That's me.
Come on in.
Her cheeks are as red as can be. She's clearly nervous.
Those photos didn't lie though. She has a great body.
Hopefully my little groin injury doesn't limit me too much.
So how should we start?
Sit down and follow my lead okay?
Okay..
I need to make her feel more comfortable.
Is everything all right?
Huh? Yeah I'm fine.
You seem a little nervous.
Heh, yeah. A little bit.
Can I be honest with you? I am too.
Really?
Yeah, you're the first woman I'm doing this for. It's a bit intimidating.
You're such a big man though, how do you get intimidated?
All it takes is a tiny cute woman to intimidate us big guys.
What do you say we just play this a little slow and lay here for a minute and feel each other out?
Really? I'd love to.
I didn't expect you to be like this.
What did you expect?
I'm not sure. You to come in and do what we have to do. Then leave. I didn't even know if you would talk to me.
You're a lovely woman. I'm glad to lay here and talk to you.
Rachael told me you were charming.
I do my best. So tell me, what is a girl as hot as you doing here?
Well, like Rachael I was a business woman. Started my own from the ground up.
I've spent many years doing that and it ate all of my time.
It's just now reached a point where I can take a step back and have time for me.
This new free time has made me realize I need something in my life. I want a kid.
I don't want the usual partnership though. I just want my kid with no strings.
I'm not getting any younger and I want my baby to be safe so it has to be now.
What about you? You seem a little too nice for this.
Rachael offered it to me. I don't know. I want to help people with their dreams.
I also like the idea of a bunch of little versions of me all around the planet.
Today is your first day here right?
Yes ma'am. It's been good so far. I had a little accident earlier though.
What happened?
I was playing basketball with a group of friends. Long story short, a girl fell and kneed me in the groin.
Oh my. Are you okay? Does it hurt?
I'm fine and yeah, it's still a little sore.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Are you sure you want to do this? If it hurts we can wait a day or two.
No, I want to be here. A little pain won't stop me.
Maybe I could help with it.
You're free to try.
You feel pretty healthy to me.
What can I say? You have a magic touch.
Do you mind taking your clothes off?
Not at all.
Wow [mcf]. No wonder Rachael picked you for this.
What next?
Can I touch it?
Without a doubt you can.
Damn Anna. That feels great.
Sorry, I don't mean to tease. I just feel really hot right now.
Also, I like it when I'm not in control.
Is that so?
I think it's time to flip her over.
Oh wow [mcf].
She's spilling out of her clothes. She's actually really sexy.
I guess the clothes are just in the way now.
Much better.
I'm ready. Put a baby in me [mcf].
Oh wow, I can feel myself tightening in anticipation.
Please don't tease me, stick it in.
AHhhh!! That's such a nice dick.
How do I feel?
You're tight and wet. It's perfect.
Keep going, give me it all.
Ahhhh.... That's so big..
I won't be tight at all after you put a baby in me. Go ahead [mcf], ruin me.
Is this the same girl that opened that door?
Nonetheless, she doesn't have to tell me twice.
Ahhh... Just like that. Go slow. Build a big load to fill me up with.
This feels so fucking great. Scoot back, let me climb up there and change the angle.
Good god [mcf]. My pussy can barely handle you.
You're such a man. Put that baby deep in me. Give me every drop you have.
Give me a boy and let him be at least half the man you are.
Damn Anna, you feel even better at this angle.
Ohhh... So do you...
Keep fucking me just like that...
I'm at my boiling point. I've held out as long as I can to build up the biggest load I could.
Time to fill her up.
Hnnnggg!
Oh my god [mcf]! That feels like so much!
Uhh.. Uhh huh.
Pull it out. Let me see.
You fucking filled me up. That was perfect [mcf].
You did a great job.
It's a two way street. You're sexy as hell and you felt amazing.
Thank you. Uhh.. I'm gonna be in town for a few more days. I know you start school tomorrow but would you like to meet up again sometime tomorrow?
I'd love to. I'll come by here sometime after school.
Great! I mean I can't wait for it.
I look forward to it too.
I'm not sure. I'm going to be pretty busy tomorrow and I'd hate to say I can when I'm not sure I'll have time.
I understand. If anything changes I'll be here.
I'll come by if I can.
Well, there's a bunch of things I need to do to maximize my chance of getting pregnant, and I'd really rather you not see me like that..
I understand. I'll leave you to it.
Thank you [mcf]. For everything.
Mwah!
I'll see you later [mcf].
See you Anna. Have a great night.
I already have. Get home safe.
Wow, that was something. I wonder if that was enough.
What do I do now? That really helped me get my mind off of things. Do I just go home?
Bzzzzzzz
Oh, that's my phone.
Damn kid! What did you do to Anna? She just called me to let me know how it went and she gave you a raving review.
She's not an easy woman to please. Good job.
Thanks. It was fun.
I bet so. I wish I was there.
So about the other girl. Do you want to see her?
Of course. Send me something about her.
She's an athlete like you. A bit more intense than Anna as well.
Also don't ask for anymore pictures, she's not the kind to look for acceptance.
So.. Should I set a date?
She's hot. Set it up.
I knew I could count on you! Same time tomorrow night?
Maybe later, but yeah. Sometime tomorrow night.
You got it kid. I'll let you get back to your night.
I'm sorry but she doesn't sound or seem like my type.
Are you sure? She was excited about meeting you.
Yeah, no offense to her but I'm just not into her.
If you say so. I'll let you get back to your night.
Wait, I miss seeing you. Have any photos of yourself you can send me?
Oooh. I was hoping you wouldn't forget about me. Give me just a moment big guy.
There I am. My hand doesn't compare to you though.
I wish I was there to take over.
Oh trust me, I wish you were too.
Maybe I'll just fly myself over there.
You're more than welcome anytime.
Have you ever had a threesome before?
No, do you have something in mind?
The next girl I have in mind has tried to fool around with me before. I can fly both of us there the day after tomorrow.
I'll send you pictures of her tomorrow for you to confirm.
Anyway it's getting late. I'll talk to you tomorrow.
Sleep well Rachael.
You too kid.
A threesome? The girl would have to be a wreck for me to say no to that at this point.
All right, I'll talk to you soon. Sleep well Rachael.
You too kid.
Bzzzz
Huh? Someone else?
Hey [mcf]. It's coach!
Hey coach, everything okay?
I was calling to ask you that. Last I saw you was when you were heading to the nurse.
Oh, yeah. I was fine. I just rested there a bit and then went home. I'm fine now.
Great, are you busy?
No, not really.
The school president just got in town. He wants to meet you.
I want to meet him too.
I'll send you the address. Don't forget practice at 7am. Media will want to meet with you after and then you have your first classes.
I'll see you bright and early coach. Sleep well.
You too [mcf].
Well, I knew it was likely happening today. Time to go meet this guy. How Elizabeth talked about him I don't know if I'll like him.
Either way I have to have a talk with him not to fuck with anyone I care about.
Time to head that way.
10 minutes later
There he is, he's actually a pretty big dude.
Hey, sir.
There he is! It's great to finally meet you! I'm Charles.
It's nice to meet you too Charles.
How did your first day here go? Everything you dreamed it would be?
It's been a very nice first day.
Well what are we doing standing out here? Let's head inside.
Nice place, I guess this is what being a president of a college nets you.
Sit, sit. We have things to discuss.
You excited for tomorrow?
Yeah, I'm ready to start practicing. I want to meet my other teammates too.
Oh yeah. Not that though.
Oh, I'm sorry but I don't know what you're talking about then.
We're holding a pep rally for you. Intoduce you to the school and all. Media will be there and everything.
Oh.. I don't know. That's not really my thing.
Come on. You'll love it.
When is it?
Right after your classes tomorrow, just show up when they're meant to be over. It will help all the students after a stressful first day.
What do I need to do? Am I meant to give a speech or anything?
You just need to show up and have a smile. Be you.
There's going to be plenty of girls there. All ready to meet you.
Speaking of that, how'd you like my surprise? How was she? Did she make the squad?
Fuck, I was hoping I could bring it up before he said something to piss me off.
We have to talk about that.
That girl was Elizabeth. My girlfriend's sister. She's family to me.
Every girl that came with me is off limits. They are to be treated exactly how you would treat me if not better.
If you truly want me here. And you want me to be happy. Elizabeth will receive a call saying she's on the cheer squad. Am I understood?
Woah, woah, woah. I didn't know. I just thought it would be a fun thing for you.
[am], [g1], Shauna, and Elizabeth are never to be another part of any 'fun' thing.
If they are, I will not hesitate to transfer. I just want that to be clear. Man to man.
Of course. All of them will be entitled to everything you are. If I had known she was family to you that would not have happened.
I don't buy that he didn't know.
I need you here. I don't want anything to jeopardize that.
In fact. That's why I brought you here.
What does that mean?
This is a nice place right?
Yeah, what about it?
It's yours kid.
What? What about the other house?
It's a decoy. That's the address on record for the school. People wouldn't really like it if they knew we were letting you live here. So this has to stay on the down low.
Wow. I don't know what to say.
Now when I say down low I mean it. Only those you fully trust can know about this place. If it ever gets out we'll have to move you somewhere else.
Yes sir. No one outside of family will know.
Good, good. Now you're going to have people following you, It's just what happens when you're as big of a name as you are.
Meaning you'll have to come here incognito.
Enough about that though. Let's take a tour.
This is the second floor. It has your kitchen and dining room. There's also a pool on the balcony.
There's also a bathroom and here is a bedroom.
It's pretty spacious. Feel free to decorate it however you want to.
This is the third floor. Mainly just a little office space.
Let's have a seat.
You didn't say much. You like it?
Sorry, it's just not everyday you're shown two amazing houses and told it's where you live now.
It's just the start of a long list of things you'll have. I heard you're a small town guy.
Yeah, you could say that.
Stuck in your morales and hard work ethic. You need to learn to have fun.
I want us to be friends. I want to show you what life can offer you.
I'm a decently powerful man. I can get a lot of things.
I'm not really into anything sir.
You haven't experienced anything is what you mean. Here walk me out.
We'll change that about you. There's many things to experience.
I'll show you what life is like for men like us. Women, money, drugs. Well none of that last one for you. We can't have you failing any tests now.
I appreciate it but I think I'm good Charles. I'm just here to play basketball and learn.
Wait, are you actually going to go to classes?
You know you don't have to do that right? We'll just act like you did.
If anything was to happen to me I would need another skillset to fall back on. So yes I will be attending classes.
You're free to do whatever you want to. I'm going to get out of your hair now. You need to settle in and get some rest.
I'll be at your practice tomorrow morning. I won't be in the way. Just observing from the side. We might be making a coaching change.
Coach Harper? No, I like her. I'll need to show that she's the one to lead this team.
Cat got your tongue?
No sir, I just was thinking about some things.
If it's about the girls in the other house they're already on their way. Jasmine is bringing them.
Really? Do they know about the house?
Nope, I'll leave that to you.
See you first thing in the morning. Enjoy the house. If you want to take a swim there's a bunch of bathing suits already here.
Thank you sir. I'll see you tomorrow.
Man, I'm curious about that pool. Let me go check it out.
Damn, this house is so much better than the first.
And I was crazy excited for it. I never expected something like this. I was expecting sharing a small room with some stranger just a day ago.
I want to jump in so badly but I'll wait on the girls.
10 minutes later
Oh, looks like they're here.
Honey.. How are you?
I'm happy to see you. That's how I am.
I'm happy to see you too. Did the walk help clear your head?
Yes it did. I'm good now. I'm sorry for bringing that stuff up. It just rocked me a bit.
I understand. That's your real mom. If she was mine I would want to know about her too.
I've already said it but I'll say it again. You're my real mom. I love you.
I love you too [mcf].
So what are we doing here? Jasmine just said you wanted us to come here.
Head inside for a minute. I want to tell everyone at once.
All right honey. Is anyone inside?
No, just us. I'll be in there in just a second.
Okay, I'll have a look around.
Hey there [mcf].
Hey Shauna. How are you?
I was going to ask you that.
You scared me back there. I've never seen you look lost before.
I'm fine now. I'm sorry about that.
Don't be sorry. I'm sorry I wasn't able to help. I didn't really know what to say.
You didn't have to say anything. Your presence helps keep me calm.
I'm the same with you. I'm glad to hear that. So why are we here?
Head inside with [am]. I'll let everyone know at once.
Knowing you we're going to magically live at this house too.
Haaa... Wouldn't that be something.
Haha, that would've been crazy. I'll see you inside.
Oh hey Elizabeth.
Hey [mcf].
How are you doing?
I'm good. Me and [g1] had a talk.
How did that go?
Honestly, it went great. She told me that you talked to her and that you wanted us to fix our issues.
I told you I would. I truly would love to see you two grow close.
Well we had a great first step earlier. I think I'm gonna take her somewhere just me and her some day.
That's a great idea.
Hey, I talked to the school's president. Nothing like that will happen again.
I thought we weren't meant to talk about it anymore.
I just wanted to let you know and if he ever tries to make you do anything. You tell me.
Thank you [mcf].
Don't mention it. You're family now. Head inside, I have news for everyone.
Okay...
Hey, so about the cheer stuff.
I talked to the school's president. You're on the cheer team now. You should get a call soon.
Really?? You didn't have to do that!
Yes I did. He won't bother you again. If he ever does you let me know and I'll handle it.
Thank you so much [mcf]..
Don't mention it. You're family now. Head inside, I have news for everyone.
Okay...
Babe! Are you okay?
I'm great. Come here.
Mwah!
How was your walk?
It was good. I'm doing great now. I'm happy to have all my girls around me again.
Can't handle it without us huh?
I wouldn't want to.
Speaking of us. I need to tell you something about [am].
Huh? Is she okay?
Yeah, she's just a little emotional after our dinner earlier. She feels bad that she never told you about your real mom.
She shouldn't. I understand.
I know you do, but she doesn't. It's not really something you can just say is okay either.
She just feels a little guilty is all.
Which brings me to my point. As much as I would love to cuddle up with you tonight I think you should spend the night with [am].
She could really use some alone time with you to make her realize that everything is okay.
You're right. That's a good idea. Where are you going to sleep?
I don't know. We'll figure that out later.
Okay babe, everyone else is waiting on us so we should head inside.
Okay. Lead the way.
Wait, where's Jasmine?
She said she's going out with Damien tonight so she just dropped us off and then was on her way to meet him.
Oh all right. Oh well, Come on.
What are you doing mom?
Oh, nothing. Was just thinking about how long it's been since we've just relaxed and watched a movie.
It has been a while huh? How about we do that tonight?
I would love to. We don't have a TV at our house yet though.
Little does she know.
Where did Shauna and Elizabeth go?
I'm right here. So what's up? Why'd you bring us here?
Wait, what about Elizabeth?
I saw her go upstairs. I don't know.
All right, we've all already been through a lot today. I know we all still have nerves about tomorrow.
So I'm not going to sugarcoat this, I'm just going to say it.
This house is also our new house.
I called it!
Really? What do you mean?? How?
What about the other house?
We technically can use both. The other house is where people will think we live. This house is not meant to be spoken of and no one is meant to know we live here.
I know we've all been through these emotions today already.
But this house is awesome. And mom, we have a pool now.
So what do you girls say we just celebrate by taking a nice swim before it gets dark?
I don't even know what to say [mcf].
I know it's a lot. It's just one of those days where nothing stops.
That's one way to put it.
It's about to slow down though. There's bathing suits in the bedrooms. You girls go get changed and I'll meet you at the pool.
How big is it?
You'll see. Just get dressed quickly. Last one to the pool is a rotten egg.
I think you're already a rotten egg for using that line.
Sounds like the talk of someone who is going to be last.
Psst. I'll see you out there.
I'm so excited to swim. I've always wanted a pool!
Me too, I'm just shocked by everything right now. I just want to jump in the pool now.
I'll see you ladies out there.
Where did Elizabeth go?
Ehh, she'll pop out soon. Time to get my swim trunks on.
5 minutes later
All good to go.
Oh! Looks like Shauna is last!
Called it.
Hey, I wasn't far behind!
Says the rotten egg.
Says the rotten egg.
Although for a rotten egg you look great in that bikini.
Thank you.
Did any of you see Elizabeth while you were changing?
Yeah, I saw her walk into one of the bedrooms when I went up the steps.
I'm gonna go see what's up with her.
What about the pool?
I'll be back. Just gonna check on her.
Bedroom on the second floor.
Guess it's the same one Charles showed me.
BUMP
No one in the room. But I just heard a thud in the closet.
Liz? Are you in the closet?
.....
Yeah, I am.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, everything is great.
Liz... What happened?
What are you talking about?
Your makeup is all smudged. Why were you crying?
Ohhh... Don't worry about that.
What happened Liz?
Nothing. I'm just being dumb.
You're in a house with people that are here to support you. Why are you crying in a closet alone?
I didn't want anyone to know I was crying.
Come here.
You don't have to tell me anything. I just want you to know that I'm here.
Whatever emotion you're feeling we can talk about. I'm sure it would help.
Can we sit down?
Yeah, of course.
Can you promise not to tell anyone?
Whatever you tell me right now, no one else will ever know.
Like I said, I'm just being dumb. I'm emotional.
Why? I mean there's plenty of reasons with all the recent changes but why can't anyone know?
I don't know. I just feel like I fucked up. I feel like life could be very different if I wasn't such a bitch.
I pushed all my friends away, I pushed my sister away, I pushed you away.
I just feel stupid. You've been nothing but a complete saint to me. I could've had this from you the entire time.
You're not stupid, you just made a few mistakes growing up. What matters is that you realized them and we're fixing them.
I know that, but what if it's too late?
What do you mean?
What if I can't find someone like you?
You don't need to, I'm already here.
Not like that. Like what you and [g1] have. I want that.
Ahh, so that's what all this is about.
I've always liked Liz. Until she decided to act out anyway.
If she didn't act out back then and I didn't have [g1] then there's a good chance me and her would have been a thing.
I think she realizes that.
You're everything to [g1]. You make her so happy. I can see it in her eyes when she's around you.
You make her a better person. When you two kiss I can tell she puts all of herself into it. She's yours.
I guess I just want something like that.
[mcf]?? What are you doin..
There's no way this decision doesn't come back to bite me. I just know that this is what she needs.. And I kind of want it too.
Woah, talk about putting all of yourself in a kiss..
What are we doing?? [g1] would kill us!
Just a heat of the moment thing. We're both emotional right now.
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have told you all of that.
I'm glad you did.
Oh, I think I'm getting my smeared makeup all over your shoulder. I'm gonna go clean that up real quick okay?
Yeah, sure.
I'm not that rare. You'll find that guy.
I hope so. I love that I'm part of a family again, I just don't feel whole right now.
I understand. It's gonna take time to adjust.
Oh, I think I'm getting my smeared makeup all over your shoulder. I'm gonna go clean that up real quick okay?
Yeah, sure.
I wonder how the girls are liking the pool, hopefully I'm in it soon.
3 minutes later
Hey..
Wow, you don't have any makeup on?
You don't have to beat me up while I'm down.
No, no. You look great. You should wear less makeup more often.
Ohh... Thank you [mcf].
The bathrooms here are so nice.
Yeah about those. Get used to them.
Why?
We live here now.
What?? What about the other house?
We live there too. I'll answer all of your questions later. We're about to hop in the pool.
There's a few bathing suits around. You're more than welcome to join us.
Oh okay. Sure...
I know it's a lot. I promise to answer everything later.
Nah I've got my answers. This is all a dream.
Exactly, I'll see you at the pool.
I'd actually like to avoid questions about Elizabeth. She doesn't want them to know she was crying.
A good way to do that is a distraction. A quick cannonball should do.
CANNONBALL!!
There he is!
You scared me!
Haha, sorry. First time getting in this thing.. It had to be a cannonball. It's chilly in here.
Ha, fair enough and you get used to the water quick.
How are you liking the pool mom?
I love it! You guys can have the rest of the house. Just give me the pool.
It is great, having a pool is awesome.
Let's just all relax and enjoy it.
Agreed.
30 minutes of swimming later
Tired yet?
A little bit. I didn't think I would be after my nap at the nurse.
It's been a big day for you. I'd be exhausted.
Ehh, it's not that bad.
That bathing suit looks great on you by the way.
I'm glad you like it.
I still like what's underneath it more though.
I was just thinking the same thing.
This house has many rooms. We could sneak off into one and fool around.
You're naughty.
We have two new houses. We've already broken in one of them... So...
Mwah!
You don't even have to ask..
For like the tenth time today. You're perfect.
I'm going to tell [am] that we're going to hop out.
I'm right behind you.
Hey there.
I'm happy that you're having such a good time.
I really am. I love this pool. I might just lay in it all day tomorrow while all of you are at school.
You're free to be in it whenever you want to.
Are you still wanting to watch a movie tonight?
Yes! We haven't done it in so long!
Perfect, me and [g1] are going to head inside and get cleaned up. After that we can pick a movie out.
Okay honey, I'll see you in the living room.
Man, [g1]'s body never ceases to stun me. I wonder if she realizes just how hot she is.
Huh, I just realized Elizabeth never came to the pool. She's not in this room anymore though.
I think [g1] is waiting on me to make a move.
I'm not one to make my woman wait.
She has such a firm ass. It's so nice to the touch.
As much as that's true, I want her on that bed and the quickest way for that is to push her onto it.
Ohhh... You seem like you're really into this.
You don't even know.
Go ahead and lay back. I think I can help with that.
Nuh uh, earlier today I told you tonight was about you.
We'll get to that. Just trust me. Lay down.
Ohh..... That's nice.
I thought you might like this. I think you'll like this even more.
Is she about to do what I think she's about to do?
Oh damn. She's so fucking sexy.
I think she's going to try and go all the way with me right now.
Ugh, I want to so bad but I have something else planned for that.
Her sitting on me nude right now is very tempting though. If she doesn't move I might just give in.
Oh, I know what to do.
There we go. Both problems solved.
Ahh...!!! [mcf]...
Oh wow, even after the pool she tastes so fucking good.
I think I'm about to go crazy here.
Ohhh... I wasn.. I wasn't ready for that.
You're so good at it though...
Ahh.. Ohhhh.... Ehh... Right there.. Keep going......
At this point she's just riding my tongue.
She's speeding up and is starting to tense herself. I'm not done playing though. Time to flip her again.
Ohh.. [mcf].. I was close.
I know you were. I'm not done playing yet though.
Mwah!
I'm not done either.
It's your turn now though.
Nope, this is still your time.
Plus, you can't really go anywhere right now.
That may be. But I can always take a play out of your book.
What do you mean?
There we are.
Damn, I'm surprised she could move me like that.
No words huh?
I'm just trying to figure out how we got here.
Don't worry about that. Just enjoy what's about to happen.
Oo.... That feels great. There she goes again with the serious face.
She's so cute like that. You can tell how hard she is trying.
This does feel way better than yesterday though.
Aaaooohhhh! Damn babe. Where'd that come from?
Hmmm ashhaammm...
Guess it's pretty hard to talk with that in your mouth.
That feels fucking fantastic. I didn't know you could do that.
Mmm...Wa..tch...Thi.mmm..sss.
Holy shit, that's so much better than before.
She's definitely more confident doing this now compared to yesterday.
I'm about to finish [g1]..
Mmmhmmmmm..
She's not stopping..
Hnnnngggg... Holyyyyy fuck..
Jesus, she didn't even flinch or react at all.
Ahhhh...
For the eleventh time. You're fucking perfect. That was so great that you deserve a reward.
Kind of like this.
Ohhh!... I'm still worked up from a minute ago.
Aohhhhh... Your tongue feels great.
Ahhhh.... [mcf].. Just like that..
It feels even better than last time.. Ohhh...
Just keep going like that..
Ahhh!... [mcf].. You're gonna make me...
AOooooooouhhh! Oooooooh......
Man, I must've done something really well. She's kicking like crazy.
Oh my god [mcf]... That was much more intense than yesterday.
I can see that. Are you okay?
Oh yeah. That was... Mmmmm.
You look so cute all flustered on the floor.
Give your cute girl a kiss.
Mwah!
I thought yesterday felt amazing. That was something else.
You were great tonight too. I think it has a lot to do with us being more comfortable.
Yeah, this did come a lot easier than yesterday.
True, and it will keep getting easier and better. Now let me help you up.
Yes please.
Thanks babe. My legs are weak again.
Hey, at least this time you don't have to move from this bed.
Very true, I wish you didn't have to either.
Trust me, I'd love to just lay in here with you until we had to leave tomorrow.
But I really need to spend some time with [am].
I know, she could use your company. You're really great at changing someones mood just by being with them.
As long as that applies to you too, then I'm happy.
You have no clue.
You should go to her now, we've been 'getting clean' for a while now.
Yeah you're right.
Do you want me to wake you up when I get up?
How early is that?
Probably around 6am. I won't leave until around 6:30-6:45 though.
Wake me up before you leave please.
Sure thing.
Mhmmm.. Aren't you forgetting something?
I would never.
I can't stress how different her kisses are now. I thought they were great yesterday.
But now she has more attitude with it, they're more her than anything now. If that even makes sense.
I love you. I'll see you first thing tomorrow.
I love you too. I'll try to find you after practice tomorrow before classes start.
Good, I'll be looking for you. Goodnight baby.
Goodnight.
Now just a few things left to do before today is over with.
Wait a second...
Liz is still in that closet.. How much of that did she see?
Fuck, I never even realized she never came to the pool.
I don't know how to rescue her at this point, she's just going to have to wait until [g1] falls asleep.
Well no, I'm sure [g1] will go to the bathroom soon, or something. She won't be trapped much longer.
Fuck, I feel like an asshole just leaving her in that closet after the day she has had.
Although she has caused me and [g1] a lot of grief. It would be a good way to get even. At least a little bit.
Psssst.
Oh hey Shauna.
Hey yourself. What are you up to?
About to go watch a movie with [am]. Would you like to join?
I'm going to pass. I know you two need to spend some time together.
Plus my makeup is all funked up. I need to fix it.
Oh okay. You're free to join though.
Are we still going to hang out tonight?
A bet is a bet. After [am] falls asleep we can do whatever.
Well then I will be waiting patiently upstairs.
Great, I'll be up there as soon as I can be.
Damn Shauna. This isn't exactly the safest spot.
Oh well, it's safe enough.
Sorry, I just couldn't wait any longer.
It's fine, I'll never be upset at a kiss from you.
We need to be a little more careful though.
Yes. I know.. All right. Back to normal.
I'll see you soon, I'll be upstairs.
I'm pretty tired. I think I'm just going to call it a night.
All right.. I guess I'll see you tomorrow then.
You absolutely will.
Hey, before you do that. Could you do me a favor?
Of course. What do you need?
It's going to sound strange but all I need is for you to wait like two minutes.
Then knock on that door and get [g1] out of the room for a bit.
Hmmmm...
Let me guess. You and [g1] were fooling around and Elizabeth had to hide somewhere?
Uhh.... Yup. Weirdly accurate.
I've known you most of your life. You get easy to read over time.
Really now? I guess I'll have to change it up.
No, no. You're perfect the way you are.
But yes, I'll help her out. Go watch your movie.
Thank you Shauna.
Don't mention it.
See you Shauna.
You most certainly will, enjoy your movie.
Time for this movie, hopefully it's an entertaining one.
Either way I need to use this time to ease [am]'s mind. I hate making her worry.
Movie time!
You're ready? Where are the girls?
Oh, they were tired. They're going to bed.
So it's just us then?
Is that a problem?
No silly. As much as I love those girls... Don't tell them but you're my favorite.
I think they know. Come on, let's treat this just how we used to.
You mean it?
Yes ma'am. Let's lay down.
I feel like we went years without cuddling and being this close. I forgot how much I loved it.
Me too to be honest. This makes two nights in a row now.
Would three be too many?
I don't think so. We'll see how tomorrow goes though.
Hey, before we turn this movie on can we real quick talk about today?
I thought we went through it all. I'm sorry but there's not really any more I can tell you.
It's not about that specifically. I just was shocked by the whole thing. More about my dad than my mom.
I always thought he was a great guy. I wanted to be like him, it just hurt to know he had that side to him.
Anyway I just wanted to tell you...
I don't blame you at all for not telling me about it sooner. You made my life great and you were everything I needed.
But if I was still young and found out I might have wanted to know her then. It could have negatively impacted my life.
The point is, I'm here with you on this couch. In a nice house full of the women I love. I wouldn't change a thing.
You're going to make me cry again [mcf].
I don't meant to. I just don't want you to feel like you've done anything wrong.
I love you to death mom.
I love you to death too honey.
I have a strange question. Hypothetically speaking, is it weird for a mom to kiss her 18 year old adopted son?
Heh, it's cute that she's trying to play around it. It's nothing but an innocent loving kiss. Nothing weird about it.
I don't think so.
Huh, I don't know if it's because of our relationship with each other or the fact that I've never seen her kiss anyone but she doesn't seem to know how to kiss.
It's definitely not bad or anything, it's just a friendly peck after all. It's kind of cute though.
That was nice.
Yes it was. With that, let's put all of that stuff today behind us and enjoy this movie okay?
I would like that. I already picked one out. It was supposed to be something all of the girls would like. I feel dumb for picking it now.
Ehh, a chick flick can be nice every now and then.
Oh wow, she's squeezing me pretty tight. What I said to her tonight must have worked.
Now, just to hit play.
Yep, definitely going to be a chick flick. Oh well, I'm just enjoying this time with [am].
The girls are pretty hot at least.
Inaudible chatter
Man, I really can't pay attention to this though. They're saying a lot but it's just not sticking with me.
I know this is the part that's meant to endear me to the characters but I just want it to jump to where the action is.
They seem like they like each other. That hug was probably a pretty charged moment that would have meant something if I paid attention.
Someone probably sat down for days thinking of the perfect way to word the dialogue and here I am just absent-mindedly waiting for the next cool thing to happen.
I'm sorry, I didn't know it was going to be a more adult movie.
What? Was that adult? Did I miss something?
It's fine. I'm an adult now after all. Doesn't bother me.
Good, I was worried you would be weirded out by it watching it with me.
Nah, it's no big deal.
What did I miss? They must have been talking in a raunchy way. Damn, kinda sad I missed it.
30 minutes later
*Whispering* [am]? Are you asleep?
....
Yep, she's out. She's always fallen asleep quickly anytime we've cuddled.
I'm going to give her the world one day. She deserves it.
Now just to slide out from under her without disturbing her.
Slowly....
That went well. She's still sound asleep. Time to go see Shauna.
Hopefully Shauna isn't asleep like yesterday.
Nice, she's still up.
Pssst. Shauna.
There you are! I feel like I've been waiting forever.
Sorry, I came as soon as I knew [am] was asleep. Is everyone else asleep?
There's no need to apologize. I'm just impatient. Also yes, I just checked and everyone is asleep except us.
I missed you.
I missed you too.
Mwah!
I don't think I need this on anymore.
Woah, woah. Slow down, I want to talk with you a bit first.
I'm sorry, I've been thinking about this ever since we were in the pool.
I'm horny...
Well when she puts it that way.
There is one thing I've wanted to do..
I've never sucked on someone's nipple before. I don't even know if this feels good but it seems like it's doing something.
Ahhh, [mcf]. You must be horny too.
Can you blame me?
No, no I can not.
What do you have in mind now.
Well first..
These shorts have to go.
That ass will never not amaze me.
I know why she turned away to undress though. She's still shy.
I know a way to fix that.
Smack!
Ahh! What was that for?!
Because you were trying to hide this.
Holy fuck she's so wet.
I know, I'm still a little shy.
There's no need to be. It's just me.
You are why I'm shy. But I'm fine. I love you.
I love you too.
Want proof I'm fine?
You should uhh.. Lay down on that table.
I like where this is going.
I thought we had a talk about this whole wearing pants thing.
I'll think hard about my actions going forward.
I think something else is already thinking hard.
I hope you don't mind if I...
Ohhh shittt... I wasn't ready for that.
Sorry, I don't mean to tease.
Yes you do.
You know, there's something we could try from this position if you turn around.
Do you mean.. Like put my thing on your face?
Ha, yes. Put your 'thing' on my face. I promise it will feel good.
You trust me right?
Hmmm..
Fuck, what a view this is.
No time to waste.
Mmmm.. She tastes.. great. She didn't waste anytime either. She's already got her lips around my dick.
I'm making her moan and she's just moaning as she sucks me. The vibrations from it feel euphoric.
Time to speed up.
Ohhhh... Her fucking tongue again. This was meant to be a way to warm her up but she's trying to finish me off already.
God damn she's going crazy with it. She really must've been horny.
I want to go further though, and I know just how to accomplish that.
Just have to slide out and stand up, her ass will be up and on the edge of the table.
That went surprisingly smooth.
What was that about? What are you doing back there?
Actions speak louder than words.
Ahhh!!
Oh shit, that was kind of loud, hopefully no one heard that.
So this is how we're doing this huh? You get me in my zone and then slide out from under me?
I think you're ready for something else.
Yeah, I think I am too.
Ahhh... Slowly...
Slowly, slowly, slowly is so hard when this is the view you have and every muscle in your body wants you to go all out.
Shhhhit, so far this is way easier than yesterday.
Mmmmm.. Keep going.
Aaoohhhhhhh!!..
Holy shit!.. Ahhhhh...
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah. Just give me one second.
.....
Okay, I'm good. Sorry, I just didn't expect that to send waves through my body.
It feels great, honestly. Really fucking good actually.
Are you ready for me to start moving again?
Yeah, just start slow please.
Ohhhh... [mcf].. That feels so good.
You're so fucking tight Shauna.
Mmmmmm, fuck me harder [mcf]. Fuck me as hard as you can.. I'm ready.
AAAOOooohhh!! That's so fucking good!
Keep going! Just like that! Mmmmmmmmmm...
AAAOOOHhhhh!!! I'm cumming!
I'm about to cum too...
Ohhhhhh... That was so fucking good.
Uhghhhh!!..
Holy shit..
Did you cum inside me?
Yeah.. I did.
Uhghhhh!!..
Holy shit..
Oh wow [mcf]. That feels like a lot.
Yeah, I made a little bit of a mess.
That was great! We didn't have as many complications this time!
True, it all comes with becoming more comfortable with each other.
Did you still want to talk?
Of course I do.
Can you help me up? My legs are a littly jelly like right now.
I sure can.
There, that should be a step in the right direction.
[mcf]... What are you doing??
Yesterday you were shy to show me. It's also why you turned away to undress.
You said you were afraid you were going to scare me away.
Do I seem scared?
I know you don't want me to do anything with it, you're not into that.
That's fine, but I need you to be more comfortable with me.
You're right, it is why I turned away.
I'm sorry. I should know with how amazing you are that you won't care. It's still just hard..
There's an easy joke to make right now but it's not a good time for it.
We'll work through it, I just want you to know that it doesn't matter what you have. I love you for you.
I love you too.
I trust you. I'll do my best to not think about it, I'm comfortable.
You should uhh, lay down on that table.
I like where this is going.
I thought we had a talk about this whole wearing pants thing.
I'll think hard about my actions going forward.
I think something else is already thinking hard.
Fuck! She stole my joke.
I hope you don't mind if I...
Ohhh shittt... I wasn't ready for that.
Sorry, sorry. I don't mean to tease.
Yes you do.
Hehe, are you ready for the next part?
I'm ready for anything.
Are we about to do what I think we're about to do?
Yes sir. Any objections?
None whatsoever.
Here we go, yesterday she couldn't handle all of it. I wonder if like [g1] she'll be improved today.
Ahhhh....
Phew, that's not bad.
Ahhh.. That feels so good. I'm going to start riding now.. Okay?
I'm ready.
Ohhh... Ohhh..
Damn Shauna...
Aooohhh... This feels so fucking good.
I need more...
Ufffhh... You're going to make me fucking blow.
Ahhh. AHhh... AHHHH!
OOOooahhhh!!!...
Holy fuck, I made her cum from this again.
Ahhhh..... That was so fucking good.
Oh my god [mcf].. Ahh.. I didn't mean to.. You know on you.
It's fine, I'm about to cum too.
Aghhh!...
Oh wow, I can feel it running out of me.
That was great Shauna.
Mhmmm, and now it's time to clean up.
Oh... You naughty girl.
Damn, she's not missing a drop.
My legs are so weak, I didn't know if I was going to make it through it.
It was fucking great.
Mwah!
Yesterday I would've flinched if she tried to kiss me right after that. Today I don't mind at all.
Did you still want to talk?
Of course. How about you sit in my lap and I hold you for a bit?
Yes please. Can you help me move over there?
I sure can.
Thank you.
So how did that feel compared to yesterday?
Uhh. Honestly? More real.
Yesterday still seems like a dream. Today does as well but less so.
It's starting to actually hit me that we are a thing. It's crazy.
Yeah, it is. It felt weird having to hold back at times today when I wanted to say something to you though. It's weird.
How do you feel about that? We felt more distant than ever today. Except for the parts where we were alone.
I don't know. I've been hiding feelings for years. I guess I'm just used to it. It has been harder though.
Just knowing that we had this planned tonight made me so happy. Knowing that we could have our time.
Wouldn't it be nice to not have to hide it though?
I mean, of course. But you and [g1].
Plus this is more than I need. Just knowing there is a place for me in your heart is everything I need.
I know we're both about to be busy, we might not get to do this very often. But that doesn't matter, I'm just happy we are where we are.
Don't you think so?
Of course. I love this. I love exploring all these feelings with you. They're so strong and it's crazy how much I care about you.
But.. I still feel the same way about [g1]. I'm not good at lying to people. It's eating me up a bit.
Oh... I understand...
Hey, hey... I'm not saying anything like we're about to stop. I love you too much for that.
I was just thinking. What if we told her?
No, no, no, no...
What if she hates me? What if she breaks up with you? I'd be so mad at myself.
She's not going to hate you. If anything she would hate me. I just can't look her in the eyes and act like nothing is happening anymore.
I don't want to hide us and I don't want to lie to her anymore.
I don't know [mcf]..
You won't have to do anything. Plus it's [g1]. She's one of the most understanding girls I've ever met and she knows how close we are. She's even told me she doesn't mind us being close.
Maybe if I explain it well enough to her, and give it some time. Maybe she'd be okay with it.
I'm scared [mcf].
Don't be. Everything will be okay.
We haven't exactly been safe as is. We're bound to get caught and it's going to be much worse than if I tell her.
I guess that's true. I just don't want her to get hurt.
I don't either. That's why I have to do this.
But we'll be okay. Just think about it, what if we didn't have to hide? Just focus on that.
We could hold hands walking down the street. Me on one side and [g1] on the other.
Yep, we could go anywhere we wanted. The three of us.
I don't know how I'm going to tell her. There's not really a good way to.
Get dressed and we'll head to a room okay. We're a bit exposed here.
Sure, just give me one second.
3 minutes later
I'm going to ruin [g1]'s first day of college aren't I? Fuck me I'm an asshole.
Thank you for everything. I hope tomorrow goes well.
Do you mean first day of college or the thing with [g1]?
Both, I'm optimistic.
I am too. Do you want to lay down for a bit?
I think we're pushing our luck today. We should play it safe until you tell her.
Yeah, that's very true.
I love you though.
I love you too.
Now go cuddle up with [am].
Maybe after tomorrow we'll be able to cuddle up.
I think I just found out what I'm going to dream about tonight.
I'll see you in the morning Shauna.
See you [mcf].
Man, all things considered that was awesome. Now to rehearse how to tell [g1] for the next 16 hours.
Oh good, she's still out cold.
I should be able to just slide back into place.
Easy...
I'm actually exhausted. I'm also extremely comfortable right now. If I just close my eyes for a second...
.....
.....
Huh? Where am I? Why is it so dark?
What the fuck? How did I get over here?
.....
Hey there honey.
Mom??
What is it? You look like you've seen a ghost. Are you feeling okay?
Uhh. Yeah.
Well you don't seem like it. Are you sure?
[am]?? What the fuck is happening.
I know what can make you feel better.
How about we go to the park for a bit? You can play basketball with all the other boys.
Uhh... Sure..
[mcf]. What's wrong?
You can tell me all about it.
Uh....
Did you take a late nap? Come on, we need to leave soon.
Plus you're going to make your sister sad if you don't go.
Sister? I don't have a sister?
Pleaseeeee [mcf].
We haven't went at all this week.
Plus last time we went you spent the entire time playing basketball. Can we do something else? I don't want to play alone.
Sure...
Yay! Can we go now mom??
KNOCK, KNOCK
Uh oh.
Mom...
We'll go tomorrow kids. [mcf], take your sister to your room and lock the door okay?
Uhh, sure mom.
Come on bro, we got to go.
I'm coming.
AHHHHH! [mcf]!!
....
....
Oh, my fucking head. The room is spinning.
What happened? Did my dad hit me?
Did he hit my mom? My sister?
I'll kill the asshole. Run my family away and then die on me.
Just have to turn around...
There he is, he must have hit me. Fucking asshole.
His back is turned. This is my chance.
Made me believe you. All your lies.
You ran my family away, by being a drunk abusive asshole. Then lied to me about it for all of my life.
It was you. It was always you.
Agh!!
Augh!!
You deserve this..
Wait... That isn't my dad... Who the fuck did I just knock out?? What the fuck is going on?!
Aghh..
My fucking head, my vision went blurry again.
Who just grabbed me?
What the fuck? Sis? This can't be real.
Wake up, wake up, wake up. Let this all be a dream.
When I open my eyes I'll be on my couch.
Stop it!!
Fuck... This is real.
Where am I? What happened?
Oh! You're actually awake. Are you okay?
Yeah, I think so. My head is pounding though.
Lay back down, give yourself a minute to recoup.
Uhmmm okay. Good idea.
Hey, hey, hey.. Slowly.. Let me help you.
Is that better?
Yeah it is, thank you.
So what happened? Where am I and how did I get here?
Uhh.. What's the last thing you remember?
I was falling asleep on my couch, next thing I know I'm on a sidewalk somewhere.
But just for like a brief moment. Then I was further down the sidewalk.
Then it felt like I was replaying a moment in my past. Next thing I know I'm here hitting that guy.
Was that real? Is he okay?
Yeah, that was real. Don't feel bad though, he hit you first.
Ugh.. I'm so confused. Can you just tell me exactly what happened? From your perspective?
Okay, so I was staying at a motel for the night. I couldn't really sleep so I went out to my car to get a few things.
That's when I saw you walking. It felt like something was wrong so I tried to get your attention.
You didn't respond so I walked up to you and that got your attention but you were still out of it.
You were saying things but none of it really went together. That's when that guy came up.
He tried to help me for a second but you took a step toward me and he punched you.
It was totally uncalled for. He didn't have to do that.
I probably would have done the same. Well maybe not punch but I get why he did it.
No, it was too far. I didn't feel threatened or anything and it came out of nowhere.
Then we brought you here, this is his place. His idea.
He had a spare bed, and a couch he could have laid you down on.
Instead he insisted we put you down here on the concrete. So honestly don't feel bad, he deserved it.
Well then, I'm lucky I had you. Thank you.
You're very welcome.
Can you help me sit up? I think I'm good enough now.
Are you sure? You can lay there for a bit, it's no big deal.
Yeah, I'm sure.
All good?
All great. Oh! What time is it? I have to be at practice by 7am.
Don't worry. It's only 6. You still have time.
Thank god. So uhh.. What do we do with him?
I say we do what he was going to do to you. Seems fair to me.
Can we do that? Shouldn't we report this or something?
Listen, he hit you first and put you in his basement. I'm on your side, so his word wouldn't mean much.
Come on, help me slide him over.
Fuck, why couldn't this just be part of a dream too?
Sounds like he was just trying to play hero and bring the girl home.
Although the pain in my head is making my conscience feel less guilty.
Perfect, just how things should be.
Well this wasn't how I expected tonight to go.
Yeah, I guess I kind of ruined your night.
Nah, not like I had anything better to do. Plus now I have a unique story my future kids will hear about one day.
Ha, I guess that's a good way to look at it.
Let's get out of this basement. I need some fresh air.
I just realized, we haven't even exchanged names yet.
Well, my name is [mcf] and it's nice to meet you.
It's very nice to meet you [mcf]. I'm Stacy.
I like that name, it suits you.
Thank you. I'm happy you woke up when you did. That guy was starting to get weird.
Almost as weird as talking to a stranger in the middle of the night that seems deranged?
You didn't seem deranged, like I said I could tell you needed help.
But he was weird. I was scared he was going to try something. He kept forcing compliments, calling me cute and sweet.
I mean, he wasn't wrong. It takes someone very sweet to do what you did for me. The other half wasn't wrong either.
Oh.. Uhh.. Thank you!..
I didn't expect that.
It's not creepy when I say it is it?
No, that guy was just saying it trying to get something out of it. I don't think you are, that felt genuine.
Good, because it was.
Yeah, the story you told me made me think he was going to try and make a move on you.
Who knows how far he would have went, I'm just glad we're out of there.
How far away is your motel? I don't really know where we are.
It's not far away at all. So you said you had practice this morning? What for?
Basketball, it's my first practice here.
Oh! You're that [mcf]?? I'm sorry I don't really follow sports so I didn't realize.
That's me.. and I don't mind that you didn't know. I sort of prefer it when people don't.
I'm going to WVM too, I'm a freshman as well.
Oh really? Great, it'll be nice to have a familiar face around.
Ha, Yeah. If you go into any more trances I'll have your back.
I think I'm done with those. Though it is nice to have a safety blanket.
Have you ever had them before?
No, nothing like it. I think it's just stress.
That makes sense..
Do your classes start today?
Yep, in about 4 hours. I'd be a liar if I said I wasn't nervous.
What makes it worse is the dorms not being open until tonight. My motel isn't exactly a luxurious place and I think the water is out.
Meaning my first day of college may not be my cleanest day.
Well you can come to my place to take a shower.
Uhhh... I don't know. I don't want to be rude or anything but after tonight I just want to be somewhere I'm comfortable for a bit.
I understand.. But let me try to sell it real quick.
I live with 4 other girls. They'll have everything you need to get cleaned up.
No moves will be made, you'll take a nice warm shower and then I'll walk you to your motel on my way to practice where you're free to relax before class.
Feel free to say no, I just would like to do something nice for you since you went out of your way to help me.
So I assume you're going to WVM for a career in sales?
Please don't finish that joke. That's too corny for this early in the morning. Let's get going.
Haha, just follow my lead until you recognize where we are.
12 minutes later
Is this the right address??
Yep, this is it. It's not mine, they're just letting me and my family stay in it.
Wow, that's crazy. I wish I had that sort of deal going on.
Yeah it's amazing. No one is meant to know I'm staying here, for my privacy and all.
I won't tell anyone I promise.
I know, I wouldn't have offered you to come here if I thought you would tell people.
Head on inside, just try to be quiet. I think everyone is still sleeping.
I'll be as quiet as a mouse.
So where's the bathroom?
Uhh.. That's actually a great question. I haven't used one yet.
Oh.. How long have you been here again?
Just last night. I think I know where one should be anyway.
Yep this is it.
Awesome. Thank you again [mcf].
I should help strangers more often.
Yes, but no. At least not in the middle of the night.
I'm just going to be right up the stairs. Just let me know when you're out and I'll take a quick shower then we'll leave.
Okay, I'll be quick.
That made me realize how badly I need to piss. Time to find another bathroom.
Please, be one.
Oh shit, my bad [g1].
Oh! [mcf]. I was just sitting here thinking about things. I wasn't.. you know.
Did you have to use the bathroom? I'll step out.
Yes please.
Sorry, can we talk before you get ready for practice?
Sure babe.
I'm ready to piss and get out of these swim shorts.
One bathroom trip and hands wash later.
Okay, moment to catch myself. Weird ass night.
I don't know about that dream. Surely I would remember if I had a sister.
Why would I dream that though?
My head still hurts. I just want to go to practice already and put this morning behind me.
Are you good babe? Everything okay?
Yeah, just in my thoughts.
I must be rubbing off on you then. I'm always in my own head.
I guess you are rubbing off on me. I'm not a huge fan of it.
What's got you worried? You're going to do great today.
It's not that, I had another dream.
Oh.. I'm sorry...
It's okay, I'm fine now.
Are you sure? What happened in the dream?
It's not really what happened in the dream, it's what actually happened.
What do you mean?
Uhh.. Can we sit down for a minute?
Yeah... Is it that bad?
No, everything's fine. It just sounds bad.
Okay.. Tell me...
I fell asleep on the couch with [am]. It felt instant but I remember being on a sidewalk. Then I saw my mom again.
She was on the sidewalk?
No, she was in a kitchen. Just a casual conversation but [am] kept popping up in her place.
Then I dreamt I had a sister. It felt real but I would remember having a sister. Plus [am] would have told me about it.
What if she didn't know?
She said she was in contact with my real mom since I was a kid. Surely she would know.
Maybe not though. But wait, what happened? You said it was more than the dream.
Well, that bit about the sidewalk. I guess I was sleepwalking.
There was a girl, Stacy. Who saw me and tried to help.
Then a guy came up and tried to help her. Long story short he ended up punching me.
Babe...
It played out in my dream though. Like I was talking to my sister and my dad hit me. In reality I was talking to her and that guy hit me.
When I woke up I was so out of it that I thought he was my dad. I attacked him, hit him a few times until I realized what I was doing.
That's when she pulled me off of him.
I don't know what to say [mcf]...
I know, it's a lot. It won't happen again.
I have so many questions. Just promise me you're okay.
I promise. I think it was just the stress of everything that made me do that. As soon as I'm back on a court all the nerves will go away.
I hope so..
Don't worry about me, everything is okay. Today isn't a day to worry about anyone but yourself. You have enough going on as is.
That doesn't matter. I care about you. I want to know that you're safe and sound.
I am. [g1], I love you. I want you to focus on yourself today okay? That's the best thing you can do for me.
Okay... and I love you too jerk.
Hah, I'm a jerk who cares. We can talk about it more later. I kind of just want to accept that it happened and get on with the day.
I understand that, it is a busy day. One final thing though.
What happened to the Stacy girl?
Uhh.. She's downstairs taking a shower. I can explain that.
She went way out of her way to help me. She made a comment about her motel not having water. So I offered her to come here and take a shower.
I believe that. That's exactly what you would do.
She won't tell anyone right? About this place I mean...
I don't think so. She seems trustworthy. I might regret that but I don't think I will.
Well if you trust her then so do I.
Mwah!
I needed this, [g1]'s sloppy kisses.
You're sleeping with me tonight by the way. So I can keep an eye on you.
Mmmhmm. No ulterior motive there?
I never said there can only be one reason. There's many motives.
I see. Well then I say we satisfy those motives once.. then again.. then again.
Mmmmm.. How much longer do you have before you have to leave?
Not enough, I'm glad I was able to get her mind diverted off of my night trip though.
Uhh.. [mcf]??
Oh, Stacy. What's up?
Fuck, how much of that did she hear? That's awkward.
I'm sorry for bugging you. I was a bit of a klutz.
I couldn't figure out the shower and ended up splashing water on my clothes. Do you have a dryer I could use to dry them off real quick?
No need. You're going to need a uniform anyway. You can just borrow one of mine for today.
Really? Thank you very much.
Go on and take your shower babe. I got her.
You're amazing [g1]. Thanks.
10 minutes later
There's no being early today. I'll be on time though.
I should wake up [am] before I leave. She can help the girls through any nerves they may have this morning.
Psttt.. [am].
It's time to wake uppppppp....
*Yawn*
Good morning honey.
Good morning, how did you sleep?
Really well until you left me. I woke up and you weren't here anymore.
It's okay though. It was nice of you to spend the night with me until I fell asleep. I know living in a house with your girlfriend will make you want to spend all your time with her.
No, it wasn't like that.
I can't tell her the whole truth. She'll just worry all day.
I went out for a walk. Nerves got to me and I needed fresh air.
[mcf]... You haven't been here long enough to go out that late by yourself. You could've gotten lost.
I didn't go far. I was as safe as I could be.
Fine. But next time wake me up. I'd be happy to go on a walk with you.
You got it. Late walk tonight it is.
Really? That does sound fun. Are you ready for today?
More than ready. It's all finally starting. No more waiting and wondering how it's going to be.
I'm glad you think that way. Do you need me to do anything today?
Just make sure the girls are doing okay this morning. Help keep them calm.
That's my specialty, you can count on me. Are you about to leave?
Yeah, just going to say bye to [g1] then head out.
Good luck honey. Show them all what you were born to do.
After the kiss last night this just feels normal. Like we've always done it.
Mmmm. Have a great day today.
I'll see you soon. Don't hold anything back today.
I never do. Love you mom.
Love you too honey.
Time to say goodbye to [g1] and take Stacy home.
Hey there [mcf].
Hey yourself. Is that the uniform?
Yep, sure is.
What do you think? Looks good?
Looks great. I didn't even know about them.
I didn't either until a few days ago. Apparently they had some scandal with students and now they're overcorrecting with a lot of strict rules.
That blows. I assume that means I'll have to wear one too.
Sure do. It's nice though. You'll look handsome in it.
Are you about to leave?
Yeah if I don't I'm going to be late.
MmmmmmmMmmmm.. Have a great day today. I'll be at the rally. Will you look for me please?
Of course babe.
I'll give you guys a moment. I'll be down there waiting. Take your time.
I'll be right down.
Mwah!
Please, please find me at the rally. I want to talk to you again before classes.
Don't worry. I'll hold up the entire rally until someone brings you to me if I have to.
Oh, also. Can you wake up Shauna and Elizabeth for me?
Yes I can. They don't need to be up for a little bit. I'm sure they'd enjoy getting the rest.
Have fun out there.
Are you not going to tell me good luck?
I would if I thought you needed it. I know you're going to do great.
When you put it like that, I can't say I disagree. I'll see you soon babe, I love you.
I love you too.
You good to go?
As ready as ever.
So that was your girlfriend?
Yeah, we've been together for a few months.
You two are cute together.
Thanks. Do you have a special someone?
Nope, my mom was strict. No boys allowed. Then she sends me off here out of nowhere.
That's strange. This isn't exactly the place a strict parent sends their kid.
Welp, it appears we're at our break off point.
Yep. Are you going to the rally today?
That's not really my thing. I might see you sometime today though, who knows.
Hopefully so. Also you have an open invite to visit our house anytime. Don't be a stranger.
Really? Awesome. I uhh.. It was nice meeting you.
Nice meeting you too Stacy. Have a good day.
Now, finally time for practice.
Still the first one here it seems, besides Harper who is passed out.
Harper... You need to wake up before others see you sleeping on the jobbbb...
Hmm, nothing.
Coach Harp. You need to get up before someone sees you.
Huh?? Oh. I'm sorry [mcf]. I didn't mean to fall asleep.
I don't mind. I'd be asleep if I was in this room by myself this early too. I just didn't want anyone else to see you sleeping.
All right, you're starting to freak me out.
Ha, what makes you say that?
You're too much. You're kind, respectful, insanely talented, intelligent. I can't find any character flaws.
Which means you have to be hiding something. Hmmm, what is it.
Tax fraud. That's my flaw.
Aah, so your true flaw is that you tell terrible jokes. I see.
Ha, I've been caught.
Are you ready for practice? We have a brand new practice gym ready to go.
I'm excited to see it. I'm just ready to play basketball again.
Good, good. Oh, how are you feeling? You know, after the incident yesterday.
I'm completely fine. It really wasn't bad.
That's great. Natalie was worried all night about it.
Speaking of, as your coach. We're going to have to teach you a thing or two about an escape dribble.
Come onnn... We were playing casually and I had like 4 steps on her. I didn't expect her to jump.
Whatever helps you sleep at night big shot.
So what do you think about Natalie?
She's cool, she seems like she'd be a great friend to have. She was caring and very kind to me.
That's great to hear.
Yo, what's up guys?
Hey Damien. How's it going?
A bit anxious. Just ready to get out there and get started.
Guys, I will be right back. There's a few things I have to check on. [mcf] can you wait in here? Charles wanted to talk to us both.
Yeah sure.
Awesome, be right back.
So, you and coach? Getting close huh?
Yeah, not like that though. She's cool.
I'm just saying. I played for her all last year. We never got as close as you've gotten with her in a day.
She's easy to talk to man, that's all. Why?
Hah, nothing. I'm just happy you're happy.
Yo, [mcf].
What's up Mackey?
I'll meet you guys on the court.
Listen. We have to talk man to man. I know you were bullshitting yesterday. So was I.
What? Why?
It's an act. People think I'm dumb and no one expects anything from me.
Okay, why the act though?
I'll give it to you quick. My family is filthy rich. To get a cut of that pie they told me I had to finish college.
You get it?
Why join the basketball team then?
Parent's wishes. I did enough to make the team and now I'm coasting. You deserve to know that. I don't want to bullshit you all year long.
I know you're probably thinking 'Wow, he's actually an idiot for telling me'.
I'm not, because you'd be an idiot to say no to this deal.
You help me coast through this and you can expect my company to sponsor you once you make it to the league.
What even is the company?
Uhh... Gravel or some shit. I don't know.
That's not the important part. The sponsor checks are.
Just think about it man. See you out there.
I have a feeling all that was acting on top of his acting.
Hey, it's nice to meet you. I'm Lee.
It's nice to finally meet you too Lee. I'm [mcf].
I'm excited you're here. We need a guy like you.
Me and Damien tried to carry things last year. Wasn't enough though.
And about Mackey, you just have to give him some time. Things don't always come easy to him.
I'll try but I'm not very patient.
That's fair, just know that he doesn't mean half the things he says.
Anyway, I'm here to work. Whatever you or coach asks of me, I'll do.
Thanks Lee, keep that attitude and we're going to get along just fine.
Good to know, I'll see you out there buddy.
All that's left to meet for the starters is Ryker. I can't say I'm very excited to meet him.
Good morning!
Oh, hey Charles.
How was sleeping in that house? The beds are like clouds in heaven.
I actually fell asleep watching a movie on the couch.
Hey, the couch isn't that bad either.
Where's the coach at?
She had some things she had to check out. Said she'd be back in a second.
Christ, she can't even make it to a simple meeting. We won't have to deal with her too much longer.
What? Why do you say that?
We're in the process of getting a new coach. Her days are numbered.
No, no. Harper is my coach.
[mcf].. She couldn't even win a single game last year. She's not the answer.
Sir, I know we need to keep a certain professional relationship together.
So I'm going to say this as respectfully as I can. There's only about three positives going on here and Harper is one of them.
Kid... That's cute, you're loyal and all that. But let the adults handle the business side of it.
Is that what adults do? Find a scapegoat for their shortcomings?
Shhh kid, shhh...
You could give the greatest coach to ever walk the earth the sorry ass team you gave her last year and they wouldn't win a game.
Be a fucking man, realize your shortcomings and fucking work on them. You're sitting there calling me kid when you're acting like a child.
There's many to blame, starting with you and probably ending with your recruiters.
They got you didn't they?
They got me? You think this was my school of choice?
You run a shithole. This school is a joke. Do you know how much shit I've gotten for coming here?
That's not because of Harper. That's because they have an insecure buffoon running the ship.
But even insecure buffoons get lucky.
If you have a single working brain cell you'll realize the only play here.
You keep Harper. Tell the other coaches to fuck off. Then I'll stay.
You keep your investors, you get the credit, you get the power.
You don't step a foot around here. This becomes Harper's team to run.
Understood?
.......
Come on Charles, you know this wasn't the product of your recruitment. I had to come here.
Harper isn't the issue. I can promise you that.
If you get rid of Harper then you're getting rid of me.
With that goes all the shiny new things. Investors will be gone, sponsors will get out of their contracts.
So I implore you to realize that Harper isn't going anywhere. This is her team to run.
No more behind her back moves. You excuse yourself from whatever role you play in this team.
You keep your investors, you get the credit, you get the power.
That sounds fair to me.
.......
Oh shit, she was behind me that whole time. No wonder Charles tried to shush me.
Holy... She's squeezing me tight.
I don't even know what to say.. You didn't have to do that.
But damn [mcf].. Thank you so fucking much.
You're my coach Harp. I stand up for you just how you'd stand up for me.
I believe in us. We can turn things around here. I couldn't let Charles get in the way of that.
It feels so good to finally have someone on my side. I won't let you down.
I know you won't.
Come on, they must be waiting on us to start practice.
Right behind you coach.
Don't forget, it's Harp when it's just us two.
You got it Harp. Let's go.
Guys! Over here!
Looks like it's just us four for the start.
Nothing new there.
Let's just start with some laps around the court to get warmed up while we wait for the others.
Yes coach.
How are there only 3 people here? There should be at least 12.
Maybe they'll all show up, they just got lost or something. Right?
[mcf]!!
Oh hey, what's up Bailey?
Just waiting on Zoe. Uhh, how are you feeling?
You know, down there?
Hah, I'm fine. I just stayed there for a bit and took a nap and went home.
Good. I was worried about you.
I appreciate the concern. But me and my down there are totally fine.
Oh yeah? Look down at my feet.
Damn, these floors are reflective.
Yeah, I know right! Can you see anything?
Just legs. Not enough light for anything else.
The perfect thing to tease you with.
You know everyone can see that right?
Yeah but I'll be selective. I only want you to see.
Hey Romeo! We're running laps, you should join us.
Ha, right behind you.
Well, I have to get back to running. It was nice seeing you Bailey.
You too [mcf]!
Many laps and stretches later
Everyone feeling good to go?
Yeah.. Don't we need more than three though?
Hmmm. I wonder where they are...
I'm going to go look for them. Just stay warmed up guys. I'll be back.
Hey, this is my bad because I should've told you sooner. But this is our average practice.
What? How?
We usually just do drills. The kind you can do with just a few people. We watch film for the ones that need more.
Where's the bench players?
Charles didn't let them practice with us. He said they made us worse.
What the fuck.
Told you, this place has problems. We need someone with leverage to step up for us.
I think I already have.
How so?
I had a little spat with Charles after you left. He told me he was going to get rid of Harper and it just ticked me off.
I told him if she goes then so do I. Also that he doesn't get a say in basketball decisions anymore.
Damn, I thought it would take longer to get that side out of you.
Charles has a way with words.
Ha, yes he does. Did you tell Coach?
She heard it all, she was behind me and I didn't even know.
Damn man, major brownie points there.
I can tell you today is going to be a wash. She'll be back soon and we'll do some dribble exercises and shit like that.
And hopefully we have new teammates tomorrow. For the moment just grab a ball and let's play a bit.
[mcf]!! Over here!
Come here! I want to introduce you to someone.
Uhh sure.
[mcf], this is Emiko.
It's nice to meet you.
Mhmmm..
She's a little shy. She wanted to meet you though.
There's no need to be shy. I won't bite.
...
Okay... Not much of a talker is she?
What are you up to? Where's the coach?
She went looking for Ryker and Mackey.
So she's not coming back?
She'll be back, probably by herself but she'll be back.
We were just going to shoot around for a bit.
Ooooh. Can we play?
What do you want to play?
I don't know. Free throw contest?
I'll warn you.. I make about 9/10 of my free throws.
Well then there's a 1/10 chance that I can beat you.
Math checks out, come on let's play. You too Emiko.
What about me?
You're invited too Bailey.
Awesome, let's play.
All right, simple. Make as many as you can and we'll see how we match.
Okay, simple enough.
There's no way any of them come close.
That's one.
Okay, that's too easy.
Come on Bailey, let's make it interesting.
Free throws are easy. But what about if a crowd was going crazy and the game was on the line?
You drown it out.
Well, let's practice.
I don't see a crowd anywhere.
It's about the pressure. Feel any now?
We're not doing this Zoe.
Come on Bailey, help me convince him.
I don't know Zoe...
What are you two doing??
Just helping out.
Mmmhmmm. I'm sure. Can you all please go to our meeting room?
Come on Zoe, See you [mcf].
See you girls...
Jasmine seems pissed.
Jasmine.. Is everything okay?
Why don't you ask your best buddy over there?
Hey.. Wait..
What happened?
Damien ditched on me last night. I'm over it.. If he doesn't want to hang out with his girlfriend then I won't force him.
Did he give a reason or anything?
Nope, he just said he wasn't going at the very last second.
So after I brought [g1] to her loving boyfriend I had to go wait to be told that mine doesn't even want to hang out with me.
Hey, I'm sure it's not that. Let me talk to him. See if he will tell me anything.
You would do that for me??
Sure, you would do the same for me.
Now don't worry about boys today. It's the first day of college, there's bigger things at play.
You're right... Thank you [mcf].
No problem, I'm happy to help. I'll catch you later.
Ayyyy, Romeo. You done playing with the girls already?
Yeah, they had to go do their own thing. Where's Lee?
Bathroom. So what's up? Want to do anything?
Uhh, I just have a question first.
What's going on with you and Jasmine?
Awh man, not you too.
I'm just curious, she told me you ditched her last night.
Ehhh. Kinda. I just haven't been into it man. My mind isn't on her. I'm worried about basketball right now.
I understand that. But Jasmine doesn't seem like the kind of girl to wait around.
Just be careful there my guy.
Yeah, I know. She's told me plenty these last few days about how she won't wait forever.
I'm just no good on dates. Never been my thing.
How about a double date then? Me and [g1] with you and Jasmine. You owe me a lunch anyway.
Yeah, that could work. Instead of lunch how about a pool?
After you get out of classes we could hit up a pool here. It doesn't open for a few more days but we can get in.
I'm down. You let Jasmine know and I'll tell [g1].
It's a date then.
Good, so... Is Harper coming back?
Couldn't say. I've never seen her leave a practice.
Should I go look for her?
It's not like we're going to be doing anything else this morning.
True. If I don't see you again then I'll catch you for our date after class.
Wouldn't miss it.
3 minutes later
Where would she be? The teacher lounge maybe?
Oh shit Natalie. You scared me.
You scared me too! At least I didn't fall on you this time.
Hah, true. What are you doing here?
I told you I would check on you. How are you doing?
I'm perfectly fine. Thanks for caring though.
Of course. What are you doing out in the halls?
I was looking for your mom, have you seen her?
Yeah, I just got done talking to her. She's in the lounge just down this hallway.
Great, did she seem okay?
Okay?? She seemed better than that. She told me about what you did. What you said to Charles.
I think she really needed that. Thank you [mcf].
You're a really awesome guy. I'm really glad you're here.
That's incredibly nice of you to say Natalie.
I mean it. I'll get out of your hair now. I hope to see you again today.
I hope so too. See you Natalie.
Uh oh, that's not a good sign.
Harp? Are you okay?
[mcf].. What are you doing here?
I came to check on you. Why didn't you come back?
It's just me. You know I'm on your side.
You stood up for me, told me you believed in me. Then I held a practice for three players. It's embarrassing.
No one said this was going to be easy. In fact everyone has said the opposite. We just have to take it day by day. At the rally today I'll announce try outs for the team.
That should bring people into practice. We might find one or two decent players out of it.
Then we just go from there. It's your team but I'm here to help you every step of the way Harp.
Everything's going to be fine. It's just a bad first day. We can only go up from here.
Mhmmmm...
Ahemmm!
Lauren? What are you doing here?
Charles has me on an egg hunt for Mr. [mcl] here.
Oh... Go with her [mcf].
Come on young man.
Hey, that's not what it looked like back there.
I don't care what it was, students aren't allowed in there.
.....
Why was she crying?
She was? I didn't even know.
She's had a rough start to her day. I was just trying to console her.
Charles said some things and then our practice didn't go well. I was just trying to help her through it.
There's a rumor going around that you told Charles off. Is that true?
Yes ma'am. He said things I disagreed heavily with.
About fucking time someone spoke up to him. He can't do anything about you.
Good job kid.
Uhhh. Thank you? A second ago you looked like you were going to chew my head off.
Sorry, things are weird here now. We've had so many allegations and scandals that everyone is so scared of everything.
So when I see a child cuddling a coach in a restricted part of the school. Let's just say it's enough to concern me.
It's pretty obvious you were just being kind now though. So I apologize.
Apology accepted. I apologize that you had to hunt me down.
Ehh, I wasn't doing anything better.
I'm noticing a theme here. Almost everyone dislikes Charles.
Including me for now. I do need to talk to him about the guy I knocked out this morning.
What all do I have to do today?
It should be meeting Charles now, then the rally. Then classes will start. Today's going to be a long one.
Thank you Lauren. So [mcf]. We need to talk.
Yeah, I assumed we did.
Now I want us to be friends. We're going to have to work together on that.
Sir, if you want to be my friend then you're going to have to stop with the unnecessary stuff.
The houses and everything like that, I'm extremely grateful for. Thank you.
But I'm here to play basketball. I'm not here to live a luxurious life and kick back and relax.
I have to do this for a year and then I can declare for the draft. All I'm asking from you is to let Harper do her job, that will put me in the best place to succeed and that will make everyone happy.
She will. If you believe in her then I'm inclined to give her another shot.
And as a show of good faith I'll even honor your wish of me stepping back from the basketball program.
It's Harper's to run uninhibited. That is until we start losing. Can we agree on that?
Yes sir.
Good, now one more thing.
You are not to disrepect me like that again.
You may disagree with me but you can not speak to me like that.
Understood?
Understood.
Good. I'm glad we're on the same page then.
I could tell you were holding yourself back from what you really wanted to say earlier.
I respect a man that can control himself. Even if I may disagree with him.
It shows you want this to work as much as I do. Which is incredibly valuable to me.
Anyway, your rally is starting soon. About 30 minutes.
I have a few people I have to talk to so I might be a little late for the start of it. Feel free to hang out in here and look around while you wait for it to start.
See you sir.
Well, might as well have a look around.
I'd put a thousand dollars that Charles has never read a single word out of that book and it's just there for show.
It's strange. I feel like he really does just want to make it work for me here.
Me and him are just opposites.
Knock, knock
Coming!
Who could that be? Maybe it's just Charles and he forgot something.
Oh, hello. Uhh, Charles just stepped out if you're looking for him.
I'm not looking for Charles.
I'm looking for you.
Oh, fuck...
Wait, is this a bribe from Charles?
I can't take any bribes, not after today.
Fuck me, she has fantastic tits though.
But this isn't right. What if this is being recorded somewhere? What if he would try to blackmail me with this?
Cat got your tongue? What do you think?
Uhmm. I'm flattered but I can't do this.
Why not? What's wrong?
Many things. I hope you have a good day.
Wow, okay. Be like that then.
Apologies, this just isn't my thing.
Get out of here then asshole.
Not much of a talker, are you?
Tell me no and I'll stop.
.....
That's what I thought. Now schooch on back against the desk.
So what? Boobs come out and suddenly you can't speak?
.....
Hmmm, I know a way to make you talk.
Tell me how sexy I am right now or my entire tongue is going in your mouth.
.....
Have it your way kid.
Damn, she wasn't kidding. She isn't holding anything back.
If this is a bribe, she's selling it very well.
I'm going to surpise her and suck on her tongue a bit.
Mmmm. There he is. So you are alive.
Down here isn't though. Not yet anyway.
I can fix that. Go ahead and lay down. You know you want it.
Mmmmmm. You're one big man. Does the dick match?
Find out.
Oooh. He speaks. You don't have to tell me twice. Get these clothes off of you.
Nice chest.
I could say the same.
Yes you most certainly could. Do you like my tiny hands on your cock? Is it going to grow for me?
Am I going to need two hands?
Ohhh, I think I'm going to need both.
That's all it takes for you huh? A pair of boobs and a hand to get you really going?
I bet you're already close to climax. I bet you're laying there tensing up trying to hold it back.
Not even close, barely starting. I want to see how far she'll take this though.
I don't think you could take anything else.
Can you handle a little lick?
Hmmm, not bad. But what about this?
Damnnn, this woman knows how to use her tongue.
Not enough then? Need more?
Greedy, greedy boy.
A woman like me throws herself at you and you don't have the decency to splatter her tongue with your cum?
No more words huh? Well since you don't want to use your tongue that way maybe we could try something else.
No funny ideas kid. We're not fucking... not today.
I'm just going to turn around and we're going to please each other.
Damn, she has a nice ass. Cute little asshole too.
She's going to be disappointed though, I have no intention to eat out a stranger.
AhhhhMmmmmmmm..
Hmm.. She's not wasting anytime.. 
Mmmm.. you like that?
...
Still not enough? What about this?
Agghhhhh.... Hmmm...
MmmmHmmm, Tha-gghh what I thought...
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK
Oh fuck someones at the door. Please, please, please don't walk in.
We're fucked if they do.
Mmmgh.. Shhhh.. Get up kid.
Yes? Can I help you?
Oh, it's you Katie. Is [mcf] in there?
Yes he is. We were just going over what he needed to do today.
Good. Let him know the rally is starting soon.
Will do, thank you Lauren.
Fuck me that could have been so much worse.
That could have been anyone. Even [g1] or Shauna. Why am I in here doing this?
Welp, fun times over. Get dressed kid.
I never would have done this a few days ago. If I don't stop [g1] is going to get seriously hurt.
God, I'm an idiot. A pair of boobs come out and I lose control.
I have to come clean. Maybe this is what caused those dreams? I'm stressed from trying to hide my cheating.
[g1] doesn't deserve this.
All I can do now is go on with my day and tell [g1] everything I have to tell her when I can.
Guess that starts with getting dressed.
Sorry for the blue balls kid. I wanted to get my rocks off too.
We'll finish this later.
Maybe not Katie.
Listen, I know getting interrupted sucks but I didn't choose that.
I know, I just can't keep doing this.
Whatever you say kid. See you around.
See ya Katie.
As quickly as she came, she went.
Boner is gone, that's good at least. Let's finish getting dressed and get the hell out of this office.
That was weird, all around. I can't dwell on it though. Too much to do.
What's Emiko doing out here? She looks sad. Should I talk to her?
Hey Emiko, is everything okay?
.....
You don't need to be afraid or shy around me Emiko.
You don't even have to talk around me, I just saw you over here looking sad and wanted to see if there was anyway I could help.
.....
All right, I won't bug you. If you need anything just let me know.
Wait... I'm sorry I'm just nervous.
What's got you so nervous? You seemed chirpy this morning.
I'm scared I won't like my class. There's some mean girls in it.
Mean girls? Have they said anything to you?
No, it's my first year. I've heard stories from the other cheerleaders..
They were probably just messing with you Em. Plus if anyone's mean to you they'll have to answer to me okay?
You're going to beat them up for me?
Ha, not exactly. I'll talk to them. But if they don't stop I know some girls who could rough them up.
So boom, problem solved. Anything else?
Can we sit down?
Uhh sure.. Where?
Right here.
Is everything good?
Yeah, my legs are just a little shaky..
I thought we solved those nerves. What's got you nervous still?
You..
Me? Why am I making you nervous?
You're very tall. It's spooky.
Haha, true. Am I less spooky when we're on the ground?
Yes sir. I don't feel like I'm too tiny anymore.
I'll keep that in mind. Hey.. Do you know where the rally is going to be at?
No, sorry. I'm new here too.
Oh right, well I need to go find out where it is before I'm late to it.
Can I have a hug before you leave?
Sure, I don't see why not.
Thank you.
No problem. Don't forget, if anyone picks on you tell them they have to answer to me.
Okay, thank you [mcf].
Anytime, I'll see you soon Em.
Okay, time to find where this rally is.
Hopefully someone up here can point me in the direction.
I also told [g1] I would find her before this thing starts.. That might be difficult.
Of course, no one is here. Just my luck.
[mcf]??
Harp, what are you doing here?
Come over here and find out.
What's with the shirt?
Lauren made me put it on, said my top was too revealing.
Ahh, fair enough.
How did your meeting with Charles go?
It went well. He told me he would back off as long as we can win.
He shouldn't bother us, well at least you anymore.
You're actually a miracle worker.
I knew you coming here would help. I didn't know it would be like this and this quickly though. You're amazing.
Thank you Harp. I'm just trying to do what I think is right.
I truly believe that. We really need to work on some flaws for you to have.
It's weird how much I like... Uhh.. Being your coach.
And I like you being my coach.
Mom? [mcf]?
Oh, what's up Natalie?
I was headed over to your rally. Why aren't you at it?
Honest answer? No clue where it is.
I can help you find it.
I would very much appreciate that.
Hey, I just had a great idea. You should come by our house for dinner sometime. Let me and Nat cook you a meal.
Yes, he should. He just shouldn't expect great food. But I hear the company is fantastic.
I would love to. Just tell me when is a good time and we'll make it happen.
You free tonight?
Uhh.. Tonight may be tricky.
No big deal. If you're free then swing by.
Yes, you're welcome to come by anytime you want to.
I'll definitely swing by if I have a chance.
[mcf]!! There you are!
Hey babe. I was about to search for you.
You girls look great in your uniforms.
You girls look excited. What's up?
We got good news.
Hey girls, it's nice to meet you both. I'm [mcf]'s coach. You can call me Harper.
It's nice to meet you Harper. I'm [g1].
Yeah, it's nice meeting you, I'm Shauna.
So you two are the ones responsible for this man?
Depends, if he's been good then yes. If not then it wasn't us.
He's been great. You girls have no idea.
Are you [mcf]'s girlfriend [g1]?
Yes ma'am.
I just got done inviting [mcf] for dinner one night. I'd be estatic if you would come with him.
Pssst, [mcf]..
Sorry to interrupt. But you should probably change into your school uniform before the rally.
You're right Natalie. I don't think I have a uniform yet though.
It should be in your locker. Do you need help finding it?
I can help him find it. We passed the locker rooms coming here.
Yeah? Sounds good to me.
Hurry back.
We won't be long. Let's go [g1].
You really do look amazing in that uniform.
Thank you. I'm sure you'll look great in yours.
But you'll always look better out of it anyway.
Mmm. I could say the same to you.
Mind if I watch you change?
Hmmm. I'm recalling me carrying you to a locker room and getting told to leave so you could change.
Heyyy... We weren't where we are now. That's not fair, so...
Phlbbbbbbttt!!..
Oh man, this is a perfect opportunity to catch her off guard. A little tongue sucking action.
Hmmmm..?
Someone's been chewing gum, her tongue is all minty.
Wow, your cheeks are red.
Did I embarrass you?
Shut upppp, I just didn't expect it. I liked it.
Can we do it again?
Soon, let's get out of this hallway before we get yelled at for PDA.
Hmmm, I don't think I'm meant to be in here.
Probably not, but it's fine.
Do you know which one is yours?
Yeah, they gave me the code and everything in an email.
Well, are you looking for it?
Oh, I'm looking.
That uniform is going to drive me insane. She looks so curvy and she's actually showing off her legs.
I can't resist, got to have a touch.
She has such an amazing ass. Perfect amount of firm but still some jiggle.
Oh... Babe.
Babe, I don't think we have time to fool around..
No, we don't. I just had to sneak me a grab of you.
No sneaking required. It's yours to play with whenever. At least when it's appropriate.
Don't forget you're sleeping with me tonight. Plenty of time to have a grab or two then.
I'll hold you to that.
Or you could just hold me down. Now go get changed before I make you late.
Damn, [g1]'s really coming out of her sexual shell.
Maybe tonight will be the night. I'll give her the bracelet. We'll have a nice evening together and then we'll finally go all the way.
Wait no, I have to tell her about Shauna. I doubt she'll be in the mood after that.
I'm really not looking forward to that.
These shoes are weird. I feel like a clown.
Oh well, it's the only ones here.
Wow babe, you look fantastic.
Good enough to sneak a grab?
Absolutely, how about a kiss for now though?
Mwah!
Are you ready?
As ready as I'll ever be.
Damn, these shoes are really bad. I feel like I'm on my way to a clown car.
I need to buy some new ones tonight.
Oh shit, Shauna. What's going on?
Uhh.. I was just seeing if you two were still in there.
Spying again? Nah, she probably was just seeing where we went.
Well we're here. What's up? You mentioned good news earlier.
We talked to Charles on our way in.
Oh fuck...
He didn't say anything out of line did he?
What? No, he told us about our classes.
Oh... What's the good news there?
Charles said he changed all of our classes.
He said you wanted to be with us so he moved us all to a communications class.
It's meant to be a great jumping off point for us after this year and for you if you decide to go back to school after this year.
Really? That's great!
I just wish Charles would have asked first, but this is something I want.
I can't get a read on that guy. I can't tell if he's genuinely trying to be my friend or there's something else there.
Oh, I'm so happy that my two best friends will be with me through it all.
I am too, it really helps alleviate a lot of the stress.
Tell me about it, We have [mcf] to protect us now.
Girls as much as I love this moment we need to go, rally has probably already started without me.
You're right...
Hey... Sorry for eavesdropping, I didn't mean to..
You're good Shauna. I don't mind.
There you all are! You're just in time. I was worried you got lost.
Nope, just wanted to make you worry.
Mission accomplished.
Now come with me, I'll sneak you through the side and we'll be right on the stage.
It's going to be dark so everyone stay close together.
WOOOOO!!
Damn, that's loud.
That's for you. We're walking right next to where all the seats are, just behind the wall.
This is a new year! No more being the laughing stock!
We're no longer the nukes that blew up on themselves. We're the WVM Stars!
WOOO!!!!!!!!!
We're almost there. Just up these steps.
Here we are.
We can be proud again! We can shine brightly like the stars we are!
Pssstt. Lauren!
Welp, guess it's time. I've never really had stage fright before but I'm feeling it a bit right now.
Go out there and be there star babe. Give them what they came for. You got this.
And without further ado, here he is! [mcf]!!
WOOOOO!!!!
They're warmed up for you.
Thanks Lauren.
Those lights are really bright, try not to look up too much.
Fuck me, I can't see anything other than the edge of the stage.
How many people are there?
SPEECH!! SPEECH!! SPEECH!!
Uhh. Hello students and staff of WVM. I'm honored to be on this stage today.
[mcf]!! [mcf]!!
Oh fuck, I have no clue where to go from here. It's one thing to be in front of so many people. But to not be able to see them is so much worse.
[mcf]!! Look!
He can't see it's too dark.
Use your phone, put the flashlight on them.
[mcf]!!!
What? Where??
Oh... Damn, that's one massive pair of fake titties.
WOOOO!!!
Have my babies [mcf]!
Me next! Over here!
And that's one big ass with a butterfly tattoo.
Let me suck your cock!
Jesus, these girls are insane.
Fuck, [g1] and Shauna are watching this too. Did they see all of that?
Fuck... [g1] really doesn't like this.
Just need to focus and get through this.
Lauren is right. This is a new year.
This is not the same team, we have higher aspirations and we intend to achieve them.
We're going to need your help. We need you to fill up the crowds and cheer just as loudly as you are now.
WOOOOO!!!!
We need help in another way too. We have some open spots on the team. If you think you're ready. We will be holding try outs soon.
There will be more information for that in the coming days. Just contact either me or Coach if you're interested.
Finally, I'm going to give this school everything I've got. Go Stars!
WOOOOO!!!! [mcf]!! [mcf]!!
Take off your shirt!
Look over here!!! Please!
Not bad, you handled that well.
Thank you, do I need to do anything else?
No that's all. You should head on to class before students start filling the hallways.
Good job [mcf]. The crowd uhh, really liked you.
That's an understatement.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that girls. I didn't know they'd go that crazy.
I'm proud of you babe. Good job.
Natalie, would you mind showing us to our class? I'm not really sure where it is.
Sure, just follow me.
4 minutes later
Oh wow, I like it.
Yeah me too. Pick us out a section girls.
Thank you Natalie. You've been a great help today.
It's the least I could do after I sent you to the nurse yesterday.
Maybe I'll see you tonight?
Yeah, maybe.
I'll keep an eye out for you. See you soon [mcf].
See you Natalie.
Front row? Since when are you two teacher's pets?
Since today. Come on, it's a good spot.
And you get to sit between your two favorite girls.
Now if you two will excuse me there's something I want to do.
Hey [g1]. Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine. Why?
That rally, what some of those girls said.
I mean I didn't like it but I knew it was going to happen. I didn't expect them to flash you right away but..
It's not like you asked for it.
Yeah, I just don't like seeing you sad like that.
Well, I have a smile now.
What is Shauna doing?
Ayyyyyy. Come on. come dance with me.
What? Don't tell me you don't want to.
Can I join?
Ohh.. I'm sorry ma'am.
Well hello there.
Hi, it's nice to meet you. I'm [mcf].
And I'm Veronica.
I'm not going to have to worry about you am I?
I don't believe so, why?
Well, this is meant to be a female only class.
Wait, really? Why?
Scandals have made us take extreme actions. Like splitting up the entire school.
It's that bad?
Yep, so behave please. I'll hold these two girls accountable for you.
I'm going to go greet the rest of the students. It was nice meeting you all.
Sorry if I embarrassed you two.
I know what Shauna was trying to do, she was trying to reset the mood after that rally.
Embarrass us? All I'm saying is we're signing you up for some dance lessons.
Hey! Jerk... Let's see you try it.
Haha, I couldn't do any better to be honest.
Mr. [mcf]. Come up here please.
Oh, sure.
Since you are the only male, you should greet the girls with me.
Just so they know and there won't be any questions about it. Sound good?
Sure, that's good with me.
Great, come on.
We should have a minute before they start showing up.
So you're the new basketball guy right?
Yeah, that's me. Why?
My nephew is a huge fan. He told me to tell you that.
Well that's nice. How old is he?
12. He joined his basketball team this year and says he wants to be like you.
Wow, that's crazy. I'd love to meet him sometime.
Really? He would flip. I'd be the greatest aunt ever to him if I told him that.
We can make it a surprise. There's a middle school gym near here. Tomorrow or any day after class you should bring him there. We can play a bit.
Wow, okay. I'll talk to his mom about it tonight. Thanks [mcf].
I didn't think you'd be the nice type.
I get that a lot.
I was nervous when I heard you would be in my class. Especially after that rally.
You were there?
Yep, I was next to the girl with the butterfly on her back.
That was crazy. You weren't the one that held a flashlight to it were you?
Haha, can't say I was.
Okay, I think we'll get along just fine.
So do I.
I hear footsteps. Meaning it's showtime.
I'm going to let you take the lead.
Hmm, okay. I got this.
Oh hey Zoe and Bailey. Looks like we're going to be sharing a class.
That's funny, last time I checked you had a dick.
Charles put me in this class. I don't think that would be hard for you to believe after yesterday.
Definitely not, I'm happy you're here. Now I'll have something to look at.
I'm happy too. I like it when you're around.
Thanks Bailey.
Can I sit with you?
Uhh, I'm sitting with my girlfriend and bestfriend. But you can sit behind us, that way we'll still be close.
Okay, awesome. See you in class.
Okay, not bad. So far so good.
Two more coming.
Hey Jasmine and Emiko. I'm going to be your classmate.
Really? Awesome! Now I won't have to tell you about if anything happens. You'll already be here.
True, So you're cool with it?
Absolutely. I'm happy about it. I'll see you in class.
What about you Jasmine?
After everything I've been hearing about you, I'd be mad if you weren't in our class.
Thanks Jasmine, I'd be mad if I wasn't either.
Cool...
It's not an issue is it?
No...
What about you Jasmine?
I know [g1] must be happy. Shauna too.
Yeah, they are. But what about you?
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't.
Thanks Jasmine, I'll see you in class.
Two more coming.
Hello, it's nice to meet you two. I'm going to be your classmate.
.....
Sorry about her, she's shy.
Oh, all right. Well, it's nice to meet you. I'm [mcf].
We've met already, I'm Ruby. You pet my dog yesterday.
Oh! That's right. I'm sorry. I was a bit out of it then.
It's all right. So you're in our class?
Yep, is that cool with you?
I don't have any problem with it.
Awesome. Well then I look forward to sharing a class with you Ruby.
It's nice to meet you too. I'm Ruby.
Is it any issue that I'm your classmate?
Why would it be? I don't mind.
Good, well then I look forward to sharing a class with you Ruby.
I do too [mcf]..
Another two..
Hey girls, my name is [mcf]. I'm going to be your classmate.
What's up dribble?
Nicknames already? I don't even know your name yet.
Willow.
Well it's nice to meet you Willow.
You have a girlfriend?
Yeah, I do.
That's too bad. See ya.
Okay then?
Hi. You're tall.
Hey, is that a bad thing?
I don't think so. I'm Rainn by the way.
It's nice to meet you Rainn. You don't mind if I'm in this class do you?
Are you a creep?
I don't think so.
Then I don't mind.
Great, I'll see you in class then Rainn.
Only a few more left.
Hey there, it's nice to meet you.
....
Another shy girl it seems.
Hi there, excuse me.
Okay, she didn't care about me at all.
Hey, nice to meet you.
Right back at you.
See you in class [mcf].
So she knows my name but I don't know hers. Cool.
Phew, that was a lot.
You did great though. You seemed to already know quite a few.
Yeah, mainly through the cheer team or running into them randomly.
Are we done?
Uhh. There should be one more but there's usually a few absent.
Oh, there she is.
Oh, Stacy. You're in this class?
Yeah, sorry I'm late. I ended up falling asleep after I got home.
Yeah that's my bad.
I'd do it again though.
Don't worry about it. It's the first day.
Wait, are you in this class [mcf]?
Yeah me and [g1] both.
Wow, that's great. Can I sit with you two?
Uhh, we have a third. Her name is Shauna...
That's fine, you can pull an extra chair up. As long as you all pay attention.
Oh wow, thanks Vic.
No, thank you for helping me greet everyone.
I'll see you inside [mcf].
Hey, seriously. Thanks for the help. That was more of a test than anything to see how you would interact with them.
Did I pass?
Let me put it this way, I'd let you date my daughter.
Do you have a daughter?
No, but if I did. You'd have dibs.
I'll take that as a compliment.
As you should. Now let's get this class started. Go have a seat.
How did it go babe?
It went okay...
With how some of these girls were talking you'd think it went better than okay.
Here, sit between me and [g1].
You sure everything is okay?
Yeah, I just have to get used to people talking about you like I'm not around.
At least I had the years of my sister doing it to prepare me.
It will calm down, they're just getting it out of their systems.
What about you Shauna? Not nervous are we?
Maybe a little, still feeling silly after getting caught dancing.
It was silly, but that's a good thing.
'Whispering', Hey. Who is the red head?
She's Stacy, it's a long story and I promise to explain it to you later but for now just trust me that she's cool okay?
Yeah, yeah. I trust you.
Attention please students.
What's our greatest tool as humans? What sets us apart from all the animals?
Thumbs?
Our ability to speak and communicate in complex and detailed ways.
Oh..
It's a tool many take for granted, but this class aims to sharpen that tool so you can use it to the best of your abilities.
What feels like forever later
Man, I forgot what class feels like. Sitting here for this long and trying my best to pay attention..
'Whispering' So that's his girlfriend??
She's ugly and has weird hair, why is he with her?
She must be a freak in the bed or something.
What the fuck... Who is saying that? It's one thing to say some shit about me but it's something entirely different to talk shit about her.
Damn it, she must've heard it too..
I have to say something..
Whoever said that, cut that shit out.
You can say whatever about me, but you do not speak about her. Ever.
I didn't [mcf]. I swear..
Three shocked faces and one licking her lips. Fucking Willow.... She's going to be trouble.
Hey! What's going on over there?
Please, take your seat...
I guess I've said what I have to say. I want to say more but it's not worth it.
Yes ma'am, sorry for interrupting.
Thank you..
I'm sorry babe, they don't mean it. They're just jealous.
...
Oh, she grabbed my hand.
I forget how much larger my hand is than hers sometimes. It's probably why we don't hold hands much.
Though we should. This is nice.
The rest of class passes by
Hey, good job today guys.
What happened back there?
Just a girl looking for attention saying some things she shouldn't.
Do you need me to talk to anyone?
No, it should be fine now. Hey, don't forget to talk to your nephew.
Oh trust me, I won't. Thanks again.
No problem, I'll see you tomorrow Veronica.
Yes you will. Have a nice evening.
Hey, [g1]. Do you want to talk about it?
It's fine, girls are going to say some things. I'm just happy you were there with me.
I am too.
[mcf]!
Jasmine! What's up?
Are we still on for our double date?
Oh.. I'm sorry out of all the hectic things happening today I forgot to ask [g1] about it.
Would you like to have a double date with Jasmine and Damien? We're just going to sneak into a pool here.
Of course. I'd love to.
Awesome! You guys are the best.
Hey, what about us?
Uhh.. Triple date?
I'm just messing with you. Have a good time.
Wait, how are you going to get home?
Walk. With my two legs.
That's not safe, let me take you home first.
I'll walk with her. We'll keep each other safe.
Okay.. Thank you girls. And Stacy feel free to relax at the house for as long as you'd like. We'll be there in a bit.
Okay, I will. See you soon.
Yep, see you [mcf].
See you girls, stay safe.
Come on, I'm ready to get out of this uniform and into a pool.
Yeah, same here.
Somethings up with [g1]. She's had that same smile since the rally. I think she's just putting on a brave face..
Here we are. Nice isn't it?
Yeah it's great. I didn't really bring any swimming trunks though.
There's some in the rooms on the side and don't worry they are new.
There's only two rooms though so you two get one and I'll take the other.
All right. Damien on his way?
Yeah, I just texted him.
Cool, cool. Let's get changed and into a pool then.
Agreed.
You excited to get in some water?
Mmhmmm.
You sure you're good? You're not acting like yourself.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Babe, don't lie to me. If there's something bothering you then please let me know.
Ever since that rally you've had that same smile despite some fucked up things happening. You don't have to put on a brave face for me.
I'm sure your intentions are good but I promise you if you aren't truthful about your feelings then only bad things can happen.
Babe... It's not like that..
Then what is it like?
It's just hard. With everything you're going through.. I don't want to add onto it with my small problems.
[g1], you're never going to be a burden on me. What's bothering you?
It's silly. It's really not worth adding onto everything.
Please tell me? Just get your feelings out. It will make me feel a lot better knowing you're happy.
I am happy. I'm too happy... I'm still just scared I'm going to lose you.
I know you're going to say I won't. But you can't promise that.
You're this larger than life man who has every girl in this school going crazy for him.
And I'm just the dork who was lucky enough to be your science partner.
I might make you happy now, but what if we get into a fight? What if one day you just don't feel the same?
You'd have endless options to go to. I feel like I'm holding you back.
Like who am I? Why am I the one who gets you?
And I feel awful that I feel this way.
I know I should just be happy and ride along. But you're my everything now.
You're my best friend, my family. You're the outlet to everything that makes me happy. I've completely invested myself in you and I love the hell out of you.
But the more and more I think about it, the more I realize that eventually, something here is going to break.
Whether it be you getting bored of me, or me driving you away because I can't stop worrying.
[g1]..
I love you. I don't want to lose you. I know I'm a very flawed person.
And when I see these beautiful women offer you something it took me months to offer... I know there are better options for you.
And when I finally was ready to.. You know. You told me not yet.
[g1].. I just want your first time to be special. It has nothing to do with any of that.
I know, it's just in my dream world you wouldn't have been able to resist. You would have wanted me so bad that you'd be willing to do it anywhere.
And last night when I tried, you pulled me off of you. I know you want it to be special.
But I just want you. It could be anywhere. Our first kiss was special and I think about it everyday and it was just on your couch after school one day.
I love you and how thoughtful you are. But I really, really just want you. It could be anywhere and it would be special.
Fuck.. I thought I was being a good boyfriend doing that. I didn't know it was hurting her. But she did say she was ready for anywhere..
Hmmmph.. [mcf]...
The truth is I don't care where it happens either. I hope this is what she really wants though.
This uniform has had me going all day.
Babe.. Are you sure?
Come on, help me get this off of you.
Fuck me... You're so damn sexy.
We don't have to do this.. I'm just being silly again.
Getting cold feet?
No.. I just don't want to make you do anything you don't want to do...
[g1], you have no clue how badly I want you. You have no clue the lengths I would go to make sure you were happy.
That's why I've held myself back. I thought what was best for us was to have it be a magical moment.
I didn't know I was hurting you. Trust me, I want this, badly.
And if you truly do too. Then turn around.
..Mhmmm.. Okay...
She's definitely nervous now, I'm going to have to warm her up.
You have such an incredible body. I don't know how you could think I wouldn't want this.
I catch myself thinking about doing this all the time. Now it's finally about to happen.
Oh wow, she's practically shaking. I don't think she expected this to happen.
I love grabbing you by your hips. You're curvy in all the right places.
I also love how your panties really show off and amplify how round your ass is. Sadly they have to go.
I can feel the heat coming off of her. She wants this as badly as I do.
She's probably been thinking about this for days, it's probably why she's been so easy to get off.
She thinks about it all day and by the time it happens she's already close to finishing.
I wonder what she's thinking right now, maybe she's thinking I'm about to penetrate her.
I bet she's so worked up and ready... I want to look her in her eyes when I take her though. I know she likes intimacy, I do too.
I can't help myself though, I want to tease her a little more.
She tastes so sweet, that added onto how her pussy is quivering already... It has me ready to go crazy right now.
Even down to the smell, it's so entrancing. It has me diverting back to a caveman brain where everything is telling me to plant myself as deep as I can in her.
Aaaoohhhh! Ba..be.. I thought you were going to do something else.
I had to have a taste, I couldn't resist. There is something else I can do though.
Ahhhh....
I've only ever seen this in porn before. It's not how I thought it would be exactly... But she has such a cute little asshole though that I couldn't pass this up.
[mcf].. What are you doing??
Do you not like it?
... I just didn't expect it.
Okay, okay. I'm done teasing. Turn back around.
Mmmmmm.. You have such nice thighs. Them in stockings is not fair.
And up we go.
Ohhh! Babe? What's going on with you?
You're just too fucking sexy not to play around with. Now hold on tight.
AAHHhhhhh!!!
Her moans, her scent, her taste. Everything is about to make me go insane on her.
Aaaaooohhh! Ahhhhmmmmooooooohhhhh.....
Huh? Did she? I was just about to start.
Ahhhhh.. Babe...
Did you just cum? I wasn't done yet.
You're too much... Teased me too much...
I'm sorry..
Sorry? Why? I'm just playing with you. I'm happy to make you finish.
No.. Sorry for what I said. You've done nothing wrong.. and I said some things I didn't mean.
Babe, it's okay. We've talked about this, there's so much changing so quickly. There's going to be some bumps but we just have to stay strong and stay by each other's side.
I love you so much... But it's something else. Ever since we first fooled around. I've just felt different. All I can think about is you and me doing more.
It's making me act weird. I don't understand it.
So what you're saying is that you're horny all the time now?
Yes...
Ha, what do you think about?
Everything. Me and you doing everything there is to do. I feel guilty because I can't think of anything else.
We're going to do everything babe, I promise.
Did you still want to.. You know.. now?
Do you not feel it poking you right now?
I don't think I can wait anymore. I'm too close to stop. Do you want it?
Yes! Yes please. I want it. I want you to take me. I want it to be you and only you.
I'll never love someone else like I love you. I want to be yours and only yours.
Please, please, please give it to me.
I fucking love you [g1].. Are you ready?
I fucking love you too. I'm more than ready.
Here we go, caveman brain is still active but I need to control myself until she's comfortable.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhoooo.....
Baby.. You feel so fucking good.
Ahhh.. It's so much bigger than your hand...
Does it hurt?
No, it's perfect baby. It's everything I wanted it to be. I'm ready. I promise.
AAAHHHoooohhhh!! Holyyy...
Jesus Christ she's so fucking tight. I don't think I can go any deeper.
Ahhhhmmmmmmmmmm.. That feels so good baby.
How do you feel?
Like I'm in heaven. I'm so happy. I'm finally yours, every nerve in my body feels better than it ever has right now.
Is it all the way in?
No, but it's as far as I can go at this angle.
Oh... You can start baby. I'm ready for it.
Ahh fuck me... It's so gooooood....
Mmmoooaaahhh.. How am I? Is it good?
Ahh.. Mhmmm.. It's everything I was hoping it would be.
Ahh... Am I yours?
You're all mine babe. And you'll always be.
Mmmmmmmmm.. This feels so fucking good..
I'm close to finishing again.. Fuck me faster baby.
AHHHH! OH FUCK! AHHHHMMMMMMM.
KEEP GOINGGGGG! i'M GONNAAA.....
OOOHHHHMMMAAAAHHHHHHH!! I'M CUMMINGGGG....
Holy fuck she's shaking and flailing her legs like crazy. I can barely hold her up.
MMMMMHMMMMMAAAAOOO!
Oh fuck she kicked off the wall and I lost my balance.. We're going down.
My dick is still in her, please no Natalie 2.0.
Ahhhhhhmmmmmmmmmmm... Baby. That was... incredible.
Damn right it was... Holy shit.
She landed on my dick and it's now all the way in. I thought she was tight before...
It feels so fucking good though and she doesn't even seem to realize.
Mwah!
I love you so much.
I love you too.
Uhhh.. Did you finish?
No, I was getting close. But you seem a little spent, we can finish in a different way.
No baby, I'm fine. I'm more than fine. I just can't really use my legs right now.
I want to make you cum this way our first time. Please baby?
Make me cum a third time.
OHhhhhh.. Fuck yes baby.
Fuck my tight little pussy! Make it yours..
Ahh fuckkkkk...
I'm getting close again..
Ahhh. Keep going just like thattt...
MMMMMMM.. Fuck me [mcf]!
AGGGHHHHH I'M GONNA CUM AGAINNNN!!
Fuckk... I'm gonna cum too..
AAAAAOOOOOOOOooooooooommmmmmm!!..
Ohhh.. my god [mcf].
Ohhh! Fuck...
I couldn't pull out with her on top of me.. I just came a shit ton in her.
Ohhhh... [mcf].
That was so fucking good.
Did you cum inside of me?
I'm not on a pill or anything.
Yeah.. I couldn't pull out...
Mwah!
You didn't mind?
Of course not. I just didn't think you would... I don't mind at all if you don't.
Just.. What if I get pregnant?? That felt like a lot.
Yeah, it was. If you were to get pregnant.. How would you feel about that?
I'm sorry, I couldn't hold myself up anymore.
And I.. I would be happy. I always wanted to have kids.. It's a little early in my life..
But if it was something you wanted, with me. I would love it.
I want a kid. I want to be the dad I never really had.
I think it's pretty crazy we're having this talk right after having sex for the first time..
Everything about us is crazy.. And I love it.
That's very true. I don't know. We're still both incredibly young and our lives aren't going to calm down anytime soon.
My life really isn't that hectic. I just go to classes and by the time I would have the baby. You'll already be drafted to a team and I'll be free to be a mom.
Are you serious about this? It really is crazy.
It might be crazy, but if it's something we both want. Then fuck it. Let's be crazy.
How about this.. We just keep doing what we're doing. Nothing planned but if it happens then it happens.
I'm ready for anything you are [mcf]. Any journey you want to take I'll be right by your side.
I would love nothing more than to be the mother of your child.
All right. If it happens then it happens.
But babe.. There's something we need to talk about.
Yes, there is. Can I go first? I've been meaning to talk to you about it for a few days but haven't been able to.
I really should have before we did this..
Babe. What is it?
Okay.. I don't really know how to say it.
So I'm just going to do what you taught me, just throw it all out.
And please let me finish what I have to say.
You're scaring me babe, but okay. I'm listening.
I want to start this by saying how much you mean to me, and nothing will ever change that.
Now, back on our last day at home before coming here.
I was trying to talk to Shauna about boys remember?
She eventually ran off and I followed her.
That's when I saw her go into the bathroom where you were showering. I heard her confess her feelings to you.
Babe..
Hey, hey. You said you would let me finish.
I'm not mad. I heard you tell her exactly what you would tell me. To get it off her chest.
You made her feel safe in the most uncomfortable position. But.. I didn't realize that at the time.
I was too scared to hear what you would say to her. So I ran back to your living room.
I knew she had to have feelings for you. After how she talked about you and everything. I wanted her to tell me that. That's what I was trying to get out of that boy talk.
I was just scared because in that moment I was afraid she would take you from me.
I told your mom everything. She was the only one I could talk to about it.
She helped me realize a lot of things.
You love me and want me to be happy right?
Of course I do.
You would never do anything to intentionally harm me?
No, I wouldn't.
And I'm your girlfriend?
You're more than that.
Then what would it matter if you did want to be with Shauna?
She's a beautiful girl who loves you as much as I do, and I don't think she would ever do anything to hurt you.
And you could make her really, really happy.
I'm lucky enough to be yours. You come home to me at night.
But I know I'm not perfect. There's plenty of girls who can do things better than me.
But no girl will ever want to see you happy like I do.
So what I'm getting at is... You should be with Shauna too. And more.
[g1]. You have to drop this notion that you aren't everything I need.
It's not just that. Other girls need you. You have this uncanny talent for being exactly what someone needs.
Your mom helped me understand that.
[am] told you that we should be in a poly relationship?
Not exactly, but that's what I realized was right. Shauna needs you [mcf].
Others girls do too, so I'm giving you a deal.
You're free to be with anyone that deserves you. Girls that are kind and sweet and want good for you. Like Stacy.
You don't have to tell me about them, I'd prefer not to know.
But if you ever develop true feelings for them and want them to be a constant part of your life, I'd like to know and I would like to have a say in it.
I don't even know what to say babe.
I know it's a lot but it's what I truly want. I was just a dork with a laundry list of problems before you came in my life.
You've not only fixed all of those problems, you made me a better person and you've made me fall in love.
You're too good of a man for one girl.
And even if you really don't want to be with anyone else. I want you to at least be part of their lives.
Can I talk now?
Mwah!
We can talk about this more tonight, after we talk to Shauna.
Let's go to Harper's house and have dinner with them tonight. Natalie is one of the girls I think may deserve you.
Then we can come home and tell Shauna and then we can discuss everything further with her.
All right, I can't even wrap my head around this right now. I never thought you'd be the one to be into an open relationship.
Me neither. But I am now. And just to clarify, I'm only yours. No other man can ever compare to you.
But we should really head out soon, Jasmine and Damien probably think we ditched by now.
Yeah you're right.
Just think about everything I said... and uhh.. Can you help me get changed?
Ha, I sure can babe.
3 minutes later
You really had to pick the most revealing bathing suit huh?
Actually that was the least revealing.
But you do look damn sexy in it.
I hate to sound needy, but can my big strong man carry me out there? I don't think I can walk yet.
Was it that good?
Oh my god yes.. It was really, really, reallyyyyy good.
Ha, then I will carry you with pride. Come on babe.
Is Damien out here?
I don't see him anywhere. It's just Jasmine.
Oh no... Poor girl. Lay me down next to her please.
Jesus, that bikini leaves very little to the imagination.
Jasmine... Are you okay?
No... He's not coming..
Did he say anything to you?
No, he hasn't replied to anything or answered any of my calls.
Maybe he just got busy, he'll be here when he can.
No... He's not coming. I don't even want him to anymore. He's an asshole.
What the fuck Damien? Where could he be?
I can go look for him, maybe he got caught up somewhere.
Please no, I don't want to hear any more of his excuses. I just want to be over it right now.
'Whispering' Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Probably not..
She needs you right now.. Be who you are.
Babe, she's in a relationship with my teammate.
I'm not saying do anything with her. She's feeling unwanted right now, make her feel better. Please.
Yeah, I'll try. It's just a bit awkward. Me and her aren't that close yet.
This seems like the perfect chance to get close to her.
Come on, she's a beautiful girl and she needs you.
I mean... you're right, just help me out if things go wrong.
Jasmine.. It's going to be okay. Damien is probably just going through something right now.
He told me that his head is in basketball right now, it's hard for him to be what you need him to be right now.
How can you do it then? You're in the same boat he's in but you're here.
In fact you're in even deeper. He's been here for a few years already, he knows what he has to do and it wasn't that big of a deal the other years.
I have to sit here and watch Mr. and Mrs. Perfect while he's out doing whatever he wants to do and he's not even thinking about me.
Jasmine...
I'm sorry. I didn't mean that, I love hanging out with you two. I'm just a little jealous.
I understand Jasmine. I know it must be hard to feel like you're giving something your all and the other person isn't even trying.
Exactly.. Why am I putting in so much effort and pain when he can't even respond to me?
Have you told him that?
I would if I could.. I just feel worthless.
Hey.. Don't say crazy things like that. You're beautiful and any man would be lucky to have you.
If Damien doesn't get his act together he's going to lose you. And he'll feel like the biggest idiot of them all because he'll realize how great the woman he let slip away is.
Plus we don't need Damien to have a good time anyway. Two beautiful ladies, a handsome man, and what looks like a very relaxing pool. Sounds like a great time as is.
Thank you guys. I don't know what I'd do without you.
I'll try my best not to think about it from here on out.
Good, now let's hop in that pool. I need to cool off.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Jasmine is sexy as hell. What the fuck is Damien thinking not being here?
I have to figure out what's up with him.
Pssst..
See? In a matter of minutes she went from the saddest girl alive to happy.
That's not so much me being anything special. She just has two friends that were here for her.
Whatever you say.
Can you swim? Or are your legs too weak still?
I can float, probably not much swimming though.
I'm gonna carry you over to the pool then.
Thank you babe.
How's the water Jasmine?
Lovely, you should find out for yourself though.
Don't mind if I do.
You coming?
I'm just making sure you're good. Also taking in the view.
Well come get a look from inside the pool.
Haha, sure thing.
Oh man, this is nice. I can feel all the stresses washing away.
Tell me about it.
Hey, do you two want to race? I used to be on the swim team in high school and want to see if I still have it.
You two race, I'll be the referee.
Come on [mcf]. Race me, or are you chicken?
Oh, you're on. I'm not much of a swimmer but I think I can take you.
Want to put a bet on it?
Like what?
Blank check bet, we make it up after it's over. But there's no saying no to whatever we decide.
Sounds interesting. I'm in.
Rules are simple. First one to touch the other side wins.
Are you two ready?
Ready.
Ready.
3... 2... 1... Go!
Holy shit, Jasmine's launch was like a torpedo.
I could probably catch her if I gave it my all though. I think she needs a win today though.
Jasmine wins!
Fuck, she's fast. I actually probably couldn't have caught up.
At the end of the day I feel like the winner now since I have this view.
I won! I thought for sure you were going to beat me!
I told you I'm not much of a swimmer, plus you were fast as fuck.
You didn't let me win did you?
Honestly no, there was no way I was catching up there.
Wow, I'm surprised... Hey, since we're over here alone for a second. I have a question.
What is it?
Come closer.
Did you and [g1] just have sex in that bathroom?
Ha.. Uhh.. No point in lying, I assume we were pretty loud.
Awhh. I'm so happy for [g1].
And yeah. There was no hiding that.. I was out here hearing her scream and now she can't walk. It's pretty obvious what happened.
I'm sorry though, if I had known you were out here alone, we wouldn't have.
No, no. I'm honestly happy for you two. I know how big of a deal it was to her.
You two have talked about it?
She asked me for advice. I couldn't give her any though.
Why's that?
I'm in the same boat she was. Me and Damien haven't done anything.
Really? How long have you two been together?
A long time. Everytime I think I'm ready he pulls something like he is now.
The more and more I think about it. The more I realize I need someone like you.
Just someone that cares and wants me to be happy. Everyone I've seen interact with you has left happier than before they did.
I just need to get lucky and find your clone or something.
Well Jasmine. I think you deserve someone who can make you feel like the beautiful and strong woman that you are. And nothing less.
You're too kind to me [mcf]..
Do you think I should break up with Damien?
It's hard to say Jasmine, but it doesn't seem like he's making you happy anymore.
I don't know your two's relationship, I don't know how deep it goes.
But you have to ask yourself if this is what you want, if he is what you need.
I don't think he is.
Yeah, you're also angry at him right now. I would say to have a conversation with him. Tell him if things don't change you're done.
That way things may work out, or you'll know for sure that he's not the one for you.
But... I live with him. Where would I go?
We have a house with plenty of space. We would be happy to have you stay with us.
Really??
Come on Jasmine, you've been nothing but a great friend since we've been here. I'd be completely happy to have you around.
Okay wow, I'll keep that in mind. Thank you [mcf].
I know Damien hasn't been what you need right now. But you two have been together for a long time.
I don't think you should throw something like that away, it's going to come down to if he can change.
Obviously if he isn't able to change or is unwilling, yes you should break up.
But I think he really cares about you and can change. I'll be here for you either way it goes.
Thank you [mcf].
No need to thank me. Now let's hop back in the pool before [g1] gets lonely.
Haha, sure.
30 minutes of pool time later
Phew, that was fun... but I'm spent.
Yeah it was.. I think I'm done too though. My legs are uhh.. A little sore.
It's a long walk home. Hey Jasmine, is my car still in that garage?
Yeah, you're the only one with a key.
What car?
Oh that's right, she hasn't seen the car yet.
You'll see babe. I'm gonna get dressed and run and get the car. You two just get dressed and wait for me.
The school's parking lot is closed now but there's one right beside it we'll be at.
All right, I'll be back soon.
Drive safe babe.
Mwah!
I will, you two be safe as well.
8 minutes later
Oh man, I'll never get tired of this thing. I can't wait for [g1] to see it.
3 minutes later
There they are. That's the face I wanted to see.
Come on in!
This is yours??
It sure is. Hop on in, it's even better on the inside.
I'll see you two later.
What? Where are you going?
It's a two seater. Plus I...
[g1] can sit in my lap. It's a very short drive.
Come on Jasmine, you're having a bad day and shouldn't be alone. At least let me drive you home.
Okay.. Fuck it, why not.
Do you like it babe?
Like it? It's awesome!
You haven't seen anything yet. Just don't get scared.
I'm in your lap, I could never be scared.
*Cough* This car even has a third wheel.
Oh sorry Jasmine. We'll tone it down. Also you're not a third wheel.
That's debatable. Uhh.. You don't have to take me home. I'd like to hang out with you two some more. If you don't mind.
I don't mind at all. I'm gonna drop you two off at our house. Then I'm gonna go buy me a new pair of shoes.
But after that we can do whatever.
That sounds good with me.
Okay, buckle in girls.
4 minutes later
Wow [mcf]! This thing is fast!
Yeah? You want to drive it sometime?
Aha, I like us being alive so I'll leave that to you.
Thank you for bringing me here [mcf].
Don't mention it, I'll be back soon.
I'll await your return.
Bye baby, drive safe!
Finally some alone time with my thoughts, I never expected that from [g1].
Especially not her trying to hook me up with Jasmine.
This is obviously going to affect our future together but...
She seems to really want it though. I can't say I understand it but I can at least give it a shot.
It's a weight off of my mind with Shauna. We can finally be together openly.
I really can't wait to tell her.
Shauna is going to be happy. I don't know how far this is going to go but it will be nice to be close to Shauna again.
I'm excited to tell her. I don't know how she'll react.
I'm ready for a normal day to happen already though. Seems like something crazy is happening everyday now.
But there's nothing crazy right now. Just me in my really nice car.
Okay, now to get some shoes.
One shoes trip later
Got my shoes, and now is a good of time as any to see if I have any messages.
Hmm, nothing from Rachael on my mom. That's strange, maybe she just hasn't found anything yet.
Hmm, nothing from Rachael about any girls..
I can't remember what I told Rachael about the next 'customer'.. Did I agree to meet her?
There is a message from a woman named Keyana saying to meet her at a park in an hour.
That must be the girl Rachael showed me yesterday.
There's nothing from Anna. She did offer me to hang out today. Should I message her?
Hey Anna, were you still wanting to hang out today? I'm free for a bit.
Oh [mcf]. I'm sorry... My replacement has been calling me all day asking a million questions and I'm busy helping her.
I haven't even been able to eat anything yet. I'm sorry.
It's all right. Focus on your job. I'm sorry you're having a bad day.
Nah, I'm a little too busy today and have too much on my plate already.
And just a message from Bailey saying she hopes to see me soon.
Hmmm, that's it.
Man, I'm hungry. I know me and [g1] are meant to go to Coach's for dinner. But I need something now.
My phone says I'm right next to a little restaurant. Perfect.
Damn, it's empty in here.
Is that the shy girl from my class?
Ahem, excuse me..
Oh! I'm sorry. Can I help you?
Yeah, I just wanted to order a hamburger.
Oh, Anna said she hasn't eaten anything today. I could surprise her with a burger too.
Actually make that two.
Sure, coming right up. You can sit at any booth while you wait.
Thank you.
This place is pretty close. Hopefully the food is good and it could become a regular spot.
[mcf]??
Oh hey Bailey, what's up? I got your message.
Hey! I swear I'm not stalking you. This is our hang out spot.
The cheerleaders hang out here?
What? No. Can I sit with you for a minute?
You sure can.
You don't think I'm just a cheerleader do you?
No, it's just all I've seen you as so far.
I don't think you're a lot of the things your first impression gave off.
I'm not. I'm actually the opposite. Zoe talked me into all of that.
She also told me to tease you as much as I can.
Is that something you want?
Not at first. That's not the kind of girl I am.
What kind of girl are you?
I think I'm a good girl. I'm from a small town, I love progressive rock and I try my best to take care of my friends.
How did you end up as a cheerleader?
Zoe, Rainn, and I are all from the same town. When Zoe joined she convinced me to aswell. I like it though.
So.. Was that your girlfriend in class today?
Yeah, her name is [g1].
She's pretty. You two make a good couple. Is she doing okay? After what was said in class.. I felt awful.
She's good. She was sad for a little bit but everything is fine for now.
Also I know it wasn't you that said those things. So don't worry about that.
Phew, good. I can tell you who did...
I already know, she didn't exactly try to hide it. Willow right?
Yeah...
I'll handle that later.
So uhh.. You were saying this is your hangout spot?
Yep, this is where the losers hang out.
I'll fit right in.
Hah, please. But this is where Rainn and me spend most of our time. Penelope works here so it works out.
That's her name? I haven't gotten her to talk to me yet.
Yep and you should. I know she wants to.
I will, she kind of seems like doesn't want to though.
She's just shy. I'm sure she'll explain why if you engage the conversation with her first.
But yeah, we're here pretty much everyday. I'd love for you to come by as often as you'd like.
I most certainly will. Especially if the food is good.
Hi.
Rainn, how's it going?
Just about to leave. What about you?
Just grabbing a quick bite to eat.
I'm going with her. Would you mind walking us out? There's sometimes a guy who can be a jerk.
Sure.. I can do that.
I don't see any guys around.
Lucky day. Will you be in class tomorrow?
I sure will. I hope to see you two.
You will. See you tomorrow.
See you [mcf]. I'll try to find you before class starts.
I'll look for you. See you tomorrow girls.
I hope my food is ready by now.
Oh.. Looks like it is. I should try talking to Penelope too.
Hey...
Hi... Your food is ready.
Thank you. Would you mind if we talked for a minute? I'd like to introduce myself.
Ohh. Yeah. I was going to ask you the same. Here.. Sit down.
Wow, she looks like a different girl without her glasses.
My name is Penelope.
I'm [mcf]. It's nice to formally meet you.
Yeah.. I'm sorry about earlier. I wasn't expecting to see you that early.
I can understand that. I promise I'm not scary though.
I know, I can be a little strange at times. I'm really happy that you're here..
I had brothers who were big fans of yours.
Just your brothers?
I mean I was too. I just don't know anything about basketball.
When I heard you were coming here. I did some research on you. Wait, that sounded creepy.
No, I know what you're saying.
I found some interviews about your life. I know that you were adopted. I was too, into a foster family.
Other ones talked about your friendships and about Shauna.
I know that she was bullied growing up and you protected her. I was too, but I didn't have anyone like you.
I'm sorry to hear that Penelope. You'll have me for protection now.
I know that she was bullied for being trans but you protected her. I was too, but I didn't have anyone like you.
You're trans?
Yes, I am...
That's awesome. And you'll have me for protection now.
You and Shauna should hang out sometime.
Yeah, totally. I'd like to hang out with you also.
How often do you work here?
Most days. But we're never busy so if you're ever around we could hang out a bit here.
I think I'll be around.
Good, now I'll let you eat your food before it gets cold.
I'll see you in class tomorrow. I'll introduce you to Shauna.
I'm looking forward to it. Have a nice night.
You too Penny.
All right, back in my car. No new messages. Let's eat this burger then get on with the day.
One messy meal in a very expensive car later
I should take this other burger to Anna before it gets too cold.
Man, parking in cities is not fun. I'm here at her hotel though.
Hopefully she's cool with this and hopefully she likes burgers.
Knock, knock.
Coming!
Oh! [mcf].. What are you doing here?
Don't worry. I'm not here to distract you. You just said you were hungry so I figured I would bring you some food.
I hope you're cool with burgers.
That is so kind of you. Come on in.
I have a free minute or two.. Come, keep me company for a bit.
So how was your day?
Pretty good honestly. I can't complain.
Mine hasn't been. It's just one big headache.
That sucks.. You're a very beautiful woman without makeup.
Awh, thank you. Where did that come from?
Couldn't help but notice. I'm sorry you're having such a bad day..
It's getting better. Would you be a doll and hand me my laptop off the table behind you?
Sure..
I'm so happy you came by...
Oh... Damn Anna...
What? Be nice to a girl and some things can open up..
Sadly I do have to respond to a lot of emails.. Take off your clothes... and just lay my laptop down on that desk and sit down in that chair..
I like the sound of this.
You ready for me?
Is that even a question?
Ohhhh... It feels even bigger than yesterday..
Mmmm, her juicy ass slamming against me.. This is the life.
I can't resist. I have to get a handful of her.
Ohh! [mcf]... Your hands feel so nice..
As much as I like you grabbing me.. I need to work. So just sit back and enjoy okay?
No promises.
Hehe, try please.
She has such a nice figure. I wonder what our kid will look like...
Ohhhh... Your cock is sooo nice.
I can't wait to feel your huge load in me again...
It's all I could think about, you pinning me down and cumming deep inside...
Ahhhh.. I can't even read the words on my screen...
Your cock is just.... Mmmmmmm...
Ahhhh. Fuck meeeee.. [mcf], I'm getting close...
Ahhhhhhhoooo... Give me all of your cum. Fill my pussy...
Give me my baby.. Ahhhh! I'm gonnaaa..
Fuck.. I am too!
AHHAhhhh! Fuck yes [mcf]!!...
Oh fuck Anna... I think you got your wish..
Let me see. I can feel it already!..
Jesus, you filled me up... It's pouring out of me and there's even more on your cock..
I think you were born to breed.
I'm so glad you came by. I think you filled my tummy in two different ways.
Did you manage to get any work done?
None at all. All I could focus on was your cock going in and out of me..
Yeah, I was pretty focused on that too.
Do you want me to head out so you can focus on your work?
Mwah!
I don't want to be rude but yes please.
I know if you stick around I'm going to jump your bones again and I won't get anything done.
Ha, all right Anna. Thanks for the good time. Have fun with work.
I won't. But thank you [mcf]. I'll see you soon. Message me tomorrow.
I will. See you Anna.
Well, that went better than expected.
It's around the time to meet Keyana in the park.
It's not far from here.
5 minutes later
Yep, there she is on the bench down there.
Fuck me, I'm nervous. Here goes nothing.
Hey, are you Keyana?
Holy shit, you're actually him.
Here, sit down..
So.. Uhh..
What's wrong? You're not shy are you?
No, it's just..
Hey, it's okay.. I'm not scary. You have nothing to be shy about.
You don't seem at all how Rachael made you out to be.
Oh boy, there's no telling what she said.
It wasn't bad. Just that you'd be aggressive and stuff like that.
Haha, she would say that. She likes messing with me.
That's why we're in a park. I didn't know if she was going to end up sending me a midget or something as a prank.
She would do that?
Without a doubt. But no, I'm not aggressive.
I can see that. You seem kind.
Thank you. So no being shy.
All right, I have a few questions.
Are you healthy?
Yes, very.
Any illnesses or defects that run in your family?
Not that I know of.
I don't mean just health, I mean mental as well. Any anger issues or substance abuse?
I'm not sure. I was orphaned pretty young and don't know my family that well. I think my dad might have had some issues.
Oh.. I didn't know that about you. I already knew the answers.. I just wanted to see if you'd be honest.
It's fine. I can't control any of that, so it just is what it is.
That's right. Now stand up. I want a good look at you.
I like your features. You're obviously athletic, strong, you seem kind and goodhearted.
I think you're perfect for this.
I pass all your tests?
I believe you do. Now I just have to tell my wife that we're good to go.
Your wife?
Yes. You won't be impregnating me. I have too many competitions coming up. I can't be pregnant.
She was a little too shy to meet you today. But I'll tell her that everything is a go and we'll meet up tomorrow to make it happen.
Oh.. All right..
Awh, you seem sad.. I'm sorry.
Nah, not sad. I just was excited to mess around.
Oh we will. You'll have both me and my wife. I would play with you some now.. but I told her I wouldn't do anything without her.
But.. To make you a little excited..
Me and her are both very.. very flexible.
All right, yep. I'm excited..
Haha, you should be.
I'm excited myself. I haven't been with a man since I was in high school.
What about your wife?
You'll be her first man.. Take pride in that.
I'm gonna get out of your hair now. I'll message you when we're free tomorrow.
Sounds good Key. I'll be ready.
See you soon.
Man, I'm dissapointed I don't get to do anything tonight, but fuck me if I'm not excited for tomorrow.
I'll be thinking about you.. Rest well tonight and stay hydrated. We're going to wear you out tomorrow.
I wouldn't want it any other way.
See youuuu.
Bye Keyana.
Welp, guess it's time to head home.
10 minutes later
Welp, guess it's time to head home.
I wonder what all the girls are doing.
Honey? Is that you??
Yes it is. Did you miss me?
Miss you? It feels like you've been gone for weeks!
You mean that in a 'Time went so slowly without you way' right?
Of course I did. How was your first day?
Eventful to say the least. It's going to be a long year.
That bad??
No, not bad. There's just a lot that needs to be done.
Well if there's a lot to do then you're going to need to be ready. That all starts with what you eat.
Are you hungry??
Oh.. I kind of promised my new coach that me and [g1] would go over to her house for dinner tonight.
If you're hungry I can pick you up something while we're out.
Tsk, here one day and already forgetting you have a mom at home waiting to take care of you.
Hey.. It's not like that.
I'm just teasing you honey. I hope you have a good time at her house.
I know you are. I just don't like hearing you be sad.. Do you want me to get you anything while I'm out?
I'll be fine, there's plenty to eat here.
Ahh, the true mom answer. Where's all the girls at?
Well, the new redhead Stacy is asleep on the couch. [g1] and Shauna are upstairs. Elizabeth is in her room and Jasmine left a little bit ago.
Oh, Elizabeth. I never saw her at school today. Did she go?
No, she said she wasn't feeling well. She wouldn't come out of that room.
I'll check on her. Me and [g1] are going to head out soon. Are we still on for that walk tonight?
I was hoping you would ask. I would still love to.
Great, we'll do that when we get back. I love you mom.
I love you too sweetie.
Yep, Stacy is out cold. She was late to class because she was tired and now she can't even stay awake through the day.
I feel bad that I made her stay up so late.. I wonder how I can make it up to her..
A good start would be putting her in an actual bed so she gets good rest.
Wow, she's either that tired or just an insanely heavy sleeper. She didn't budge at all when I picked her up.
I'll put her in the room down here for now.
Hmmmm?
Hey there sleepy head.
Hmmm.. Where am I??
You're at my house. You fell asleep on the couch. I'm moving you to an actual bed so you can rest.
Sleep as long as you want to. You're welcome here for as long as you want to stay.
Thank you [mcf]...
No, thank you for helping me last night. Giving you a place to sleep is the least I could do.
When we get up we will hang out some okay?
Mhmmmmm.. I'd like that..
I look forward to it. Sleep well Stacy.
Time to check on the other girls.
Oh man.. I wonder if [g1] has said anything to Shauna.
Both of these girls can openly be mine after tonight...
Hey girls.. How's it going?
There he is!
Oh babe, are we still going to Coach's house for dinner?
Yeah, I would like to.
Perfect! Let me go grab my shoes and then we can go.
Sounds great babe.
Hey [mcf].. Can we talk for a minute?
You know you don't have to ask me that Shauna.
I know, it's just.. Are you going to talk to [g1] about us today?
Yeah, I am. Is that still what you want?
Yes.. I really do. I'm just nervous. I don't want [g1] to get hurt.
Come here.
She's not going to get hurt. I think everything is going to be just fine.
Just try to enjoy your night and not think about it. It's going to happen after we get back from Harper's house.
And if you do think about it, just think about what life will be like after tonight. You'll be my girlfriend and we won't have to hide anything.
And you'll be my boyfriend...
Exactly. We could go on actual dates and instead of exploring in secret, we could just be our true selves.
I love you [mcf].
I love you too Shauna. You look amazing in those pajamas by the way.
Heh, thank you... I love it when you compliment me.
You're going to hear plenty more. Trust me.
I know, it's just.. I don't feel like we're as close as we were.
You feel that way too?
Yeah, ever since I told you about.. You know..
I just need my bestfriend. I miss joking around with you and not feeling strange when I try.
Come here..
I need my bestfriend too. I miss the connection we had. I don't know if it's because of anything you told me or if it's just because of how busy we've been.
But I know that I want us to be where we were. You mean so much to me and I don't want to lose that.
Oh [mcf].. You will never lose me as your bestfriend. You couldn't even if you tried. I just don't know how to fix it..
I do.. I think everything will get better after tonight.
What makes you say that?
I don't want to tell her without [g1]..
We're going to spend more time together starting tonight. If you want to. When me and [g1] get home we're going to all hang out and do something okay?
Really? Of course I want to. What do you want to do?
It's a surprise. You'll have to wait and see.
Jerk, I'll be here. Waiting..
Hey, have you seen Elizabeth? Like at all today?
[am] said she was sick. She's in one of the rooms just resting.
Damn, that sucks. I should check on her.
Well, I'll see you in a bit [mcf].
You sure will. See you Shauna.
I hate that Liz is sick. She seemed to be fine last night.
I'll just peek in and see if she's awake.
Mmmmmmhmmmmm....
Mmmmm.. Right there [mcf]...
Oh shit, this is kind of awkward... Uhh. She seems healthy to me.
I'm going to leave her to it. Just going to find [g1] and head out.
There she is.
Hey babe, everything okay?
Everything is great. Just looking for my shoes..
You can't find them?
Not the ones for this dress. They might still be at the other house.
No big deal, you don't need any shoes. We're just going to their house.
I want to look good though.
Oh trust me, you look fantastic. I would change one thing though.
Oh really? And that would be?
Close your eyes.
Ooooh, a surprise. Okay I'll close them.
I've been meaning to give this bracelet to her for days. The plan was to do it after a really nice date. But if today has shown me anything.. That's not needed.
It does look nice on her. I hope she likes it.
All right, you can open your eyes.
Oh my god.. Babe! This is mine?!
It sure is. I know it's not the greatest bracelet ever..
It's perfect.. Thank you so, so much!
You shouldn't have...
I should have sooner. I bought it the day before we came here.
It was the only black and yellow bracelet they had.
I love it baby. Thank you. I'm happy I'm on your mind enough for you to get it.
You're always on my mind. Now who needs shoes when you have a new bracelet?
Not me. Are you ready to go?
Not yet, one quick thing.
Mwah!
Now I'm ready. Let's go.
Are we taking your car?
Yep, do you want to drive?
I can't say I do.
I'll get you to drive it one day.
10 minutes later
Is this the right address?
It's the one they sent us. Apartment 704.
Well, here goes nothing then.
Knock, knock, knock
Come in!!
Oh my god.. [mcf] and [g1]! You made it.
I told you if I had time I would be here didn't I?
I thought that was a polite no to be honest. I'm so happy you're here.
Natalie! [mcf] is here!
Really?! That's fantastic!
Come, let's all sit down on the couch.
You two look fantastic.
Please, I'm lucky to be in the same room as all these beautiful women.
Oh please... What were you two wanting to eat?
I'm up for anything really.
Same here. I'm not picky.
Good, me and Natalie were talking about just ordering a pizza tonight. I know that's not really a dinner though..
We came here for the company and not the food anyway. Plus pizza sounds great.
We're happy to be your company. Is pepperoni good with you two?
Sure is.
Same here.
Great, I'm going to go call it in. Natalie, stay with them and make sure they don't run off on us.
Will do mom.
Actually, do you have a bathroom I could use?
Absolutely, come with me. I'll show you where it is.
Thank you Harper.
So... Hey.
Hey yourself. How is your night going?
It was pretty good, just a plain old night. It's better now..
Yeah, mine is too. I hate to be nosy.. But is it only you and your mom living here?
Yep, just me and her.
Oh.. How long has it been like that?
Since I can remember really.. Anyway.. What would you like to talk about?
She wanted off of that topic pretty quickly.. I won't badger her on it.
Uhmm. A ton of things, I'd like to get to know you more. Tell me about yourself.
Uhh.. I'm pretty boring to be honest. Just your average student.
Any hobbies? What do you do for fun?
I draw, I play video games. Pretty much whatever entertainment you can have inside your house. I'm all about.
Oh really? I didn't think you would be a homebody.
What makes you say that?
It doesn't fit your look. Don't get me wrong. I'm a homebody myself.
What does my 'look' make you think I would be?
Honestly? Cheerleader type.
What? No, no. You're way off.
I'm just saying. You could pull it off.
Haha, totally. Go WVM! Beat up the... other guys!! Woo!
See. Perfect cheerleader.
Haha, hey! Take it back! You'd make a better cheerleader than me!
You want to play like that??
Aah! [mcf].. Haha, Let me go!
No chance. Not until you admit that you would make a great cheerleader!
You're so silly! I'm not going to say it.
I'll just sit right here and wait you out...
Yeah, that's not going to work for me.
Aha! [mcf]! Let me go!!
Say it.. That's all it takes.
Ahah, fine. I'd be pretty good if I was your cheerleader..
Ahh, the magic words, and now you're free!
Oh, haha! [mcf]! What's gotten into you?!
Mom!! Help! [mcf] won't let me go!
Snitching? Uh oh, looks like we're going to have to ramp things up..
No, no! Fine, I'd be pretty good if I was your cheerleader..
Ahh, the magic words, and now you're free!
Sounds like you two are having fun.
Define fun... [mcf], I think it's someone elses turn..
I think you're right Natalie.
My beloved boyfriend would never.. Plus, I could take him if he tried.
Sounds like a challenge [mcf]..
Are you sure about that!?
Aha! I take it back!
It's too late now.. Here it comes..
[mcf]! Come in here for a second!
Ahh, rescued by the coach.
My savior!
I'll get you soon. I know where you sleep.
I'm coming Harp!
Uhh huh. He's right here.
No, he just came over for dinner.
I'll talk to him. I'll call you back.
What's going on Harp?
That was Charles. What happened this morning?
With Charles? I thought you heard all of that?
I did. Not that though. There is a guy accusing you of assaulting him this morning.
Oh fuck, that. I can explain.
I'm not sure why but last night I ended up sleepwalking out of my house.
There was a girl, Stacy. She was trying to help me, that guy accusing me saw her and thought I was trying to harm her or something.
He ended up punching me and I woke up in his basement shortly after.
Woah, [mcf]. Are you okay? Sit down.
I promise I'm completely fine. But when I woke up I was angry. Mainly from my dream.
I knocked him down and punched him twice. He was out and I was going to be late for practice so Stacy and I left him where he was going to leave me.
This Stacy girl, will she support that story?
Yes, she already told me she would. It's how she convinced me to leave him there.
So he hit your first? Was it warranted?
Maybe from his perspective... Stacy says it wasn't.
And your head is okay?
Better than ever, at least good enough to still call Charles on his bullshit.
Hah, true. I need to call Charles back and let him know what you told me.
You'll probably have to meet with him sometime tomorrow about it.
Do I need to bring Stacy?
I'm sure it would be helpful.
But wait. Stay in here for a minute. I don't have to call him back right away.
Sure thing Harp. What would you like to talk about?
My daughter. I just wanted to thank you.
Thank me for what?
I could hear you in there making her laugh. As her mom it feels so good to hear that again.
She seems like a happy person. What do you mean?
Around you she is. Ever since her dad... She went through a pretty rough phase.
She shut everyone out. Hid in her room. This was for years.
She's only been around you for a little over a day and I can already see her head poking out of her shell.
I don't know what you've said to her or anything. All I do know is, whatever you're doing... Please keep doing it.
I will. I don't even know what I did... But I won't change anything.
I think it's just who you are. There's no real way to explain it.
You show up and you just fix problems. The amount of stress you've lifted off of me is insane.
It's already to the point that I have no idea how I functioned before you.
Harp, I haven't done much of anything..
Stop it. You've done so much.
Most of all, you've changed my outlook on life.
Before, I was just going through the motions. You know, wake up and do what I have to do and then go to sleep.
The only emotions I had were worry and stress. Worried about getting fired and not being able to provide for my daughter, things that you've already fixed.
But now I'm excited. When I go to sleep I'm excited to wake up and tackle the next day. I'm excited to see you again. I'm excited for my future.
Just once, admit that you're fucking amazing.
Not yet. I'll admit it when we win some games. How about that?
Deal. Hopefully it's sooner rather than later.
Yeah hopefully. This is random but... I didn't realize you had such long hair.
Yeah, it's pretty long. Do you like it?
Yeah, I really do. Do you usually wear it down?
Not usually. I'm feeling a little more free lately though.
I think my hair is my favorite thing about myself.
That's saying a lot. There's plenty to like.
Like what?
Personality wise, you're a strong woman who very clearly cares very much about the people in her life. You wear your heart on your sleeve.
That's really only towards you. I'm a pretty closed off person most of the time.
Still, it's something I respect.
When it comes to looks... I don't want to be too specific since you're my coach... But there isn't anything to not like.
You're just being nice...
I'm really starting to show off my mom bod.
Huh, I just realized her outfit looks really familiar.
You call that a mom bod?
Oooh.. [mcf].
You have a great body. All firm and fit.
Ahh.. [mcf] you probably shouldn't...
Oh, sorry...
No.. I don't mind. Just... Nevermind.
What is it Harp?
I'm just not very used to being touched anymore. Especially my stomach, I'm a bit self conscious.
You've got nothing to be worried about.
Maybe. I'm just not very confident anymore. I haven't exercised in a long time. I used to go for jogs every morning.
Would you like to again? I'd be down for going jogging with you.
Really? There's a park nearby that I used to jog at all the time.
Tomorrow morning before practice. Meet me there?
Okay... Sure. I would like that.
Awesome. I'll need to set an alarm but I'll be there.
Knock, Knock
Oh that must be the pizza. Would you be a doll and answer it? It's already paid for. I just have to call Charles back.
Yeah, I can. Have fun talking to Charles.
How could I not? Haha.
Oh... Hello. Is this pizza? I mean... Is this pizza yours?
I believe it is. Thank you.
And here's a tip for you.
No.
No? Why not?
Uhh.. I'm sorry. I have to go.
Oh, all right... Have a nice night.
I will and you will do... Fuck.. I'm sorry. Bye.
Geez, she was practically breaking down talking to me. She's the girl from my class.
I need to find a way to talk with her.. without whatever this was.
It's pizza time girls. Is there a table for me to sit this on?
Don't worry about it, we usually eat on these couches anyway.
That works with me.
There's not going to be another attack while I eat right?
Nah, you're safe for now. Wouldn't want you to choke.
How thoughtful.
Hey babe.
Yeah? What's up?
Can I have a kiss before we get all greasy?
You know you don't have to ask.
Mwah!
Also I wouldn't mind greasy kisses either.
Noted...
*Whispering* You're doing a great job with Natalie. I can tell she really likes you.
You should try to initiate some contact with her.
I think I already did that.
Not wrestle. Something soft. Put your hand on her leg or something.
Yeah? I can try.
Just don't be weird about it. Make it natural.
Don't make it weird? There's not really a way to do that.
Best I can think is to just do it and be confident about it.
Just not too high, gently on the middle of the thigh... Here goes nothing.
Okay, no immediate reaction other than she stiffened a bit.
Oh fuck, is she going to pull my hand away? Fuck.. That'll be awkward.
...
Oh, she's just holding my hand... I guess she likes it.
What's that about?
Do you not like it?
I didn't say that...
Good. Because I like it too.
You have really big hands... I guess you kind of have to though.
Yep, comes with the job.
I don't know babe. I don't know if I want to give off those signals just yet.
That's fine baby. I'll never make you do something you don't want to do.
Ahh, finally free from Charles.
How did the call go?
As well as it could go. After practice you'll need to go see Charles.
All right. I'll do that.
Good, So... It's time for some pizza!
One pizza pie later
Whew, I'm full.
You ate like 1 and a half slices.
That's all it takes.
I wish that's all I had to eat.
*Inaudible whispering*
Hey! No secrets, no whispering.
*Inaudible whispering*
Haha, I know right?
I'm really not a fan of this.
It's okay babe, we can do it too.
I don't actually have anything to say... So hey.
Hi. We need something to talk about? I got that covered.
That dress looks so fucking good on you. It hugs your figure so well.
It also shows off your legs and your yummy thighs. If Natalie and Harper weren't here. I don't know what I'd do.
Mmmm, baby. I like it when you talk like that.
Hey! You two can't whisper! That's our thing!
What are you two saying?!
Tell me what you two were saying first and I'll tell you.
Never! Get him Natalie!
Did you not learn from last time?
Hah, she said that not me! Get her instead!
It's too late now!
Ahh! Mom! Help me!
There's a simple way out of this! What did you two say?
[mcf]!! I can't!
It's all it takes and I'll let you go. Or else you're just going to be stuck here.
Ehhh.. Okay. We said...
I'll help you honey!
Let my daughter go!
Haha, it's going to take more than that.
What about you Harper? Would you like to tell me what you said? You can free your daughter.
Never! [g1], help us! Jump on him!
I don't think you realize who is on your side Harp.
Sorry baby...
Girl power!
Ahh, I've been betrayed!
I've also lost my balance.. Oh fuck.
Oh! Are you okay babe??
Other than feeling betrayed... Yes.
Haha, no injury like yesterday right?
Nope, it was a clean landing... You girls all okay?
Yeah, we're fine. Let's get off of him... Let him breathe.
Ahh. Everyone but you. You trying to suffocate me?
Maybe, it's what you get for not telling me.
Told you. You tell first and I'll let you know whatever you want to know.
Grrrr... But that was fun.
Yeah, it was. We need to do this again soon.
Awh, are you about to leave?
Yeah, there's still a few things I have to get done tonight.
But... What if you two came to my place tomorrow?
Yeah?
Yeah. My mom has been itching to cook a big meal. She's a great cook. You and Natalie should come by and keep us company.
I'd hate to impose.
You're not. I want you there and I'm sure my mom would love to meet you.
Okay, we'll be there.
Great. We still on for a jog in the morning?
That's a hard maybe. If I can get myself woken up in time. Then absolutely.
Just message me if you're up okay?
If I don't see you then, I'll see you at practice. Thanks for tonight Harp.
No, thank you. I can't wait to see you again. Have a good night.
You too Harp.
Did I hear you say you were leaving?
Yep, I have a few things I have to get done tonight.
That sucks. I wish you could stay longer. I was having fun.
Yeah, I wish I could too. But hey, what if we hung out some other time?
What do you mean? Like with you and [g1]?
We could do that. Or we could spend some time with just the two of us.
I think we're going to be in eachother's lives a lot this year. So we may as well grow close you know?
Uhhh.. Mhm...
Are you interested?
....
Yes! She is.
I'll bring her to your house tomorrow for dinner. Then I'll leave you two to do whatever. Sound good?
Sounds great to me. Natalie?
Mhmmm..
Great, it's a date.
Goodnight [mcf].
Goodnight Natalie, Harper...
That wasn't too much was it?
What? No! That was great. Good job baby.
Mwah!
I love seeing you make others happy.
I just told your mom that you two should come to my house tomorrow. So we'll hang out again very soon.
Okay... I look forward to it.
I do too. I'll see you tomorrow Natalie.
See you [mcf].
That was sweet. She wants to spend more time with you.
You could have asked her to hang out sometime you know?
Yeah, I just... I'm not used to this yet.
I understand baby. Don't do anything you're not comfortable doing.
Mwah!
I love seeing you make others happy.
Speaking of making others happy. I'm meant to go on a walk with [am] tonight.
It's pretty late already...
I know. It's meant to be a late walk.
Is it okay if we hold off on telling Shauna until after our walk?
I want to be able to tell her and spend the rest of the night with you two. I don't want to have to leave after.
I'd want you to be around too. Yeah, we should wait.
We won't be out too long, I promise.
I'm not in a hurry. I'm just a little anxious to tell her.
I am too. I want to see her face when we tell her.
Well come on, the sooner we go home the sooner we'll see it.
Very true, let's go.
Thank you for taking me with you over there.
You're my girl. I'd take you anywhere.
Hehe, I love you.
I love you too.
I'm going to tell [am] that you're out here waiting on her.
Thank you. Can you check on all the girls for me? I haven't gotten to talk to them much today.
Yes I can. Have fun on your walk... See you soon.
See you babe.
15 minutes pass
Damn, where is [am] at? I should just go inside and see.
Oh wait. I hear footsteps coming this way.
Hey honey, I'm sorry I took so long.
It's fine mom. Are you ready to go?
Sure am. How far is it...?
Not far at all. Come on.
a few minutes later
Hmmm, it's a little chilly out here.
Oh, I didn't realize what you were wearing... Isn't that [g1]'s?
Yes... She convinced me to wear it. I feel a little... Exposed in it.
Yeah, it looks great on you though.
Really? It was so hard to put on.
Wow.. That's a nice... Nope, that's my mom. Can't have those kind of thoughts.
[mcf]?
The other side is pretty damn good too... She has a cute little belly button.
[mcf]?? Are you okay??
Huh? Yeah, yeah. I'm fine.
You had me worried for a second.
Sorry, it's just I was a little speechless for a second.
Why? What had you speechless?
You did. Sometimes I forget just how great of a body you have because you don't show it off much.
You should though... You got a lot to.. show off.
Really? You mean that?
Have I ever said anything different?
No... I just don't see what you see in me.
I see the best mom in the world who just so happens to also be a beautiful young woman.
Oh [mcf]... I love you.
I love you too mom.
Can we sit down for a minute?
We just got here? But sure.
Is everything all right mom?
Yeah.. It's a bit embarrassing.
Come on. It's just us out here.
I'm a little cold... and I don't like the dark...
You're scared of the dark?
Hey, no laughing.. I'm being serious.
I'm not laughing... Come here. I'll keep you warm and safe.
My hero. Thank you honey.
Feel better?
Much better... So, how was your day?
Not bad. Started out pretty rough and got better throughout.
Will you tell me about it?
Yeah absolutely, after I got to practice. There was a man named Charles who threatened to fire my coach.
He's the president of WVM. I ended up telling him that if he did. I would leave.
Dang, making waves on day one huh?
Hah, yep. He ended up agreeing to let her stay. Then we got into practice where it was only me and two other guys.
How does that work?
It didn't. I hope that tomorrow there will be more. Since I talked about try outs in a rally today.
How did the rally go?
Pretty hectic. There were some girls, doing and saying some dirty things and [g1] heard and saw it all.
Awh, poor thing.
Then after that we all got put in the same class. Which was great at first until a girl made fun of [g1].
I stood up for her and called it out. I felt awful for her.
That really is awful. You did the right thing though.
After class is when things got strange. Me and [g1] went to a pool near WVM.
Without me?
Sorry, you're invited for next time. But everything was fine until me and her went to change.
There's no good way to ask this... Did you tell [g1] that she should let me be with other girls?
She did that?
Yeah, she said that I should be making other girls as happy as I make her.
That's not what I told her... She uhh.. told me about Shauna.
I just told her that she knows that you love and care about her and would never do anything to hurt her.
I might have also talked about how great you are and that you're both lucky to have eachother.
I appreciate you helping her. But yeah, she wants us to talk to Shauna tonight.
Are you going to do it?
Yeah, Shauna has always been my bestfriend. I asked [g1] plenty of times if this is what she really wants and she seems adamant about it.
After Shauna confessed her feelings. It made me realize that I had some of those feelings too. I don't know how far this will go but I'm excited for it.
That's so great honey. Those two girls are like my daughters now so it's so nice knowing that they both have you.
I didn't think you'd react like this..
Why not? Shauna is a beautiful girl who has been by your side always. You two should be a thing.
I'm glad you're on board. I don't want any weird feelings if this happens.
None at all from me. Just happy for you.
You're the best mom.
Mwah!
Honey... What do you say we go home? Try a walk again tomorrow but in the day time?
Sure mom. That's fine. I'm pretty excited to tell Shauna anyway.
Just.. there's one thing I need to ask you.
What is it?
So, I didn't tell you the whole truth this morning. I had another dream about my biological mom.
It went very similarly to how the last one did. Except this time I had a sister. Do you know anything about that?
I don't honey. I promise I would tell you if I did. She never mentioned a sister to me.
So you mean there's a girl out there that's just like you?
Maybe, but it was just a dream. It could just be my mind making stuff up to try and fill some blanks.
What if it wasn't? What if there is a girl out there that's in the same position you were in?
What if she needs us?
Then we'll find her.
Don't worry [am]. If she's out there, we'll find her and she'll become part of our family.
I'm not sure where to start. But I promise I'll try.
I love you [mcf].
I love you too mom. You still ready to go?
Just a minute... I want to sit here just like this for a minute.
You know we don't have to come all the way out to a park to cuddle right?
I know, it's just the cool breeze, your arms wrapped around me, and the scent of your cologne. This is really nice and soothing.
Fair enough, we'll stay right here for as long as you'd like.
No, you said you wanted to tell Shauna. I don't want to take up all of your night.
It's fine mom, a few minutes isn't going to make a difference.
I know... but we'll have plenty of time to cuddle up later.
Yes we will... but for now let's head home.
That went well. All that's left to do is tell Shauna.
Today has been a long day, after not sleeping well last night. I'm ready for bed.
Is it okay if I hop into the ladies' room real quick?
Sure, I'll stand guard out here.
Thank you honey.
Well, this is a good as time as any to check my phone again.
Damn, still nothing... Something must be up.
*Leaves rusting loudly in the distance*
What was that?
Ehh, probably just a squirrel or something.
After [am] said she was scared my senses have been on alert. I'm sure it's nothing.
Are you ready honey?
Oh, that was quick.
Yep, I was a little spooked in there by myself so I rushed.
Haha, fair enough. Let's go home mom.
Thanks for the walk, sorry I ruined it.
You didn't ruin anything. I had a blast.
I'm going to take a shower before bed. I'm going to check on you three when I get out.
So... Don't be doing anything you wouldn't want your mom to see.
I won't mom, have a fun shower.
Ayyy, [mcf]!
Ayyy, Sleepy head!
Hey, we need to talk for a minute.
What's up?
I'm going to need your help. That guy from this morning tried filing assault charges. I need you to come with me to clear it up tomorrow morning.
Sure, I told you I have your back.
Thanks Stacy, you're awesome.
Thank you. You're pretty cool yourself.
Is it okay if I stay here tonight? I'm a little worried to walk back to the dorms.
Absolutely. I'd feel better if my guardian was here to make sure I don't go for any more walks
Haha, deal. I'll barricade the doors.
Are you going to be able to sleep any tonight?
Some I'm sure. Probably not a lot after I've slept so much.
I'll probably just hang out and watch TV. I also need to call my mom but she's not answering for some reason.
She probably just fell asleep early or something.
Yeah, probably. It's not like her though.
Hmmm. What is she like?
Typical mom, there for you when you need her and also when you don't.
What about dad?
I wish I could tell you.
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snoop too far.
Don't worry. It's a very common question. I don't mind.
Good, so... Is it cool if you just come with me to practice tomorrow? That way it's an easy transition to meet with Charles.
Plus, I'd like to have you there.
Sure. I'm down. Just wake me up like an hour before we have to leave if I'm asleep.
Will do Stacy. Thank you.
I could say the same to you. You heading to bed?
Yeah, I'm pretty tired.
Well, then I'll see you in the morning. Goodnight [mcf].
Goodnight Stacy.
Oh man, finally going to get to tell Shauna...
Oh! [mcf], you startled me.
Sorry Liz. I didn't mean to...
I haven't seen you at all today. How are you feeling?
I'm feeling better now, was pretty bad this morning.
I'm glad you're feeling better. You going to go to classes tomorrow?
Yeah, I think I'll be good enough to go. How was your day?
Pretty eventful to be honest. I'm about ready to go to sleep.
I'm pretty much the same, on the sleepy part anyways.
Have you talked to [g1] any today?
A bit when she got back.
I heard something about a certain thing that happened in a bathroom today.
She told you?
Not exactly, she was telling Shauna and I could hear them.
I talked to her about it afterwards though.
I'm happy for you two. It sounded like fun.
Thanks Liz. So you and her are still getting along well?
Yeah, things have really been looking up.
Good, what are you about to do?
I told Stacy I would watch some TV with her. There's a show we both like that's about to come on.
Oh, all right. I won't make you miss any of it then.
Thanks for caring [mcf].
You know I do Liz. Have a goodnight.
You too.
Jesus... [g1] and her outfits today. Is she looking out for me?
That's sweet. She really is anxious.
Looking for someone?
Aah, there you are! I didn't see you come in.
I don't know what to tell you. Other than it's time for an eye appointment.
Haha, maybe.
Are you ready baby? To tell Shauna?
I don't know. I kind of want to keep checking you out in that outfit.
Heh, you like it? I thought you would.
It looks best when I'm walking towards Shauna's room.
Ha, let's go tell her babe.
First things first.
Mwah!
Okay, now we can.
Lead the way..
Did you tell me to lead the way so you can look at my butt?
Yes.
Well, at least you're honest.
Shhh. She hasn't noticed us yet.
What room is this? I haven't seen it yet.
It's Shauna's game room. She set it up and everything.
Wow, why are we whispering again?
Because I know you... you like to pull little surprises when people don't notice you.
Ha, very true. I'll go easy on her though.
Hmm. Feet in the air...
Easiest thing would be just a quick surprise foot tickle. Here we go.
Gotcha Shauna!
Aaah! [mcf]!!
Let my foot go! Haha. It hasn't done anything to you!
Fine, fine. I won't go for too long.
That was a mistake. Because now it's my turn and I'm angry!
Oh yeah? Bring it on!
Ohh, I'm going to get you.
Woah, woah. Calm down you two. We have to talk before you two can wrestle.
What is it [g1]?
It's all right. [mcf] will explain. Don't worry.
You want me to tell her?
Yep, if you don't mind.
[mcf]? What happened?
Well... Me and [g1] had a talk today. She told me a few things.
Long story short.. Two days ago when you told me how you felt. [g1] heard what you said.
Oh my god [g1] I'm so sorry!
I promise I was never going to tell him! I was going to keep it a secret.
Don't be mad at him. Be mad at me please...
Hey, hey. Calm down Shauna.
Everything is okay. No one is mad at anyone.
You're a beautiful girl with a big heart Shauna. You've been [mcf]'s best friend ever since you two were kids.
I've only had the pleasure of knowing him for these past months and I'm already deeply in love with him. I can't imagine how you must feel.
It's bad [g1]...
I'm sure it is.
I don't want you to be hurt... You've been such a great friend to me these last few days. I don't want to stop.
It won't. If anything it'll get better.
I want you and [mcf] to be a thing. You both deserve each other.
Oh my god [g1]... What about your relationship?
Nothing will change. Me and [mcf] will have our relationship and you will have your own.
Is that what you want [mcf]?
Awh, Shauna don't cry. I haven't seen you cry since we were kids.
I can't help it. I don't even know how to feel right now. There's so many emotions...
Come here Shauna...
We've been through everything together. Me and you.
Let's go through this together too.
Ohhh. She's squeezing me really tightly.
I love you [mcf]...
I love you too Shauna. I've seen you grow into a stunningly gorgeous woman.
No matter what you went through in life, you would come out of it stronger and with a smile on your face.
There will always be a place in my heart for you and I'm lucky as hell to call you mine.
The same goes for you [g1]. The fact that you are willing to let this happen. It shows just how amazing of a person you are.
I love you both to death and I hope to be the best boyfriend I can be to both of you.
I love you too baby.
Mwah!
Did you two just kiss over my shoulder?
Yes we did. He's a really good kisser. Want to find out?
Ehh, she kind of already knows. Definitely not the time to bring that up though.
Can I give you a kiss Shauna?
Mhmm... Of course you can.
Mmm.. Kissing Shauna while [g1] watches and smiles.
3 days ago... We were all pretty much doing our seperate things. And now we're all here on this couch. In a relationship.
How was it? Good right?
Great. I want to do it again...
You can. But first there's a few more things we need to talk about.
Okay, what are they?
Well, what if it was more than just us?
What do you mean?
What if we let [mcf] be with more than just us?
You know who he is. You know how great of a man he is and you know how happy he makes us.
Yeah...
So don't you think we should let other girls experience that?
What about girls that don't deserve him?
I don't know if that's up to us to decide. I told him if he wants them to be a permanent part of his life. That I would like a say in that.
I would too. But what about girls that we wouldn't want him to be with?
Who do you have in mind?
That bitch that said those things about [g1] in class today.
Trust me, I don't want anything to do with someone like her.
Good.
Anyone else? What about you babe?
Well yeah. I wouldn't want you to be with anyone that would hurt me or Shauna. But I don't think you ever would anyway.
What about your sister [g1]?
Oh... I don't know. I didn't think about her...
If you don't want me to do anything with her babe. You can tell me.
No, it's not that. She's a good person deep down and she's starting to show it.
Well then. I won't do anything with her until you feel she's done enough to earn your trust back.
Okay... Thanks baby.
So is that everything settled? Everyone happy?
Very, very happy.
Me too.
So... Do me and [mcf] have to hide anything?
Nope... You two are a couple now. Do whatever you want to do whenever you want to do it.
What if someone asks? What do I tell them?
The truth. Say we're both dating him. If they find it weird then that's their problem.
Can we go on a date??
Of course we can. Where would you like to go?
It's kind of silly..
What is it?
I've always had this dream about you taking me to an arcade. Winning me another big stuffed animal.
Really? We can do that tomorrow. Us three go dominate an arcade. I'll win you the biggest stuffed animal they got.
That is.. if you get rid of these tears. I can't take them.
Mmm.. Am I your girl?
You're my girl Shauna. Now go get those tears cleaned up.
I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere!
We won't.
That was great baby.
You're not regretting anything are you?
Not at all. Watching you make other girls happy is kinda... hot.
Really?
Mhmm.. Can you hold me for a minute?
I can do better than that.
I can pick you up and hold you. I love you baby.
I love you too.
Will you promise me that if you're ever uncomfortable with anything I'm doing you'll let me know?
I promise baby. Right now I'm just enjoying seeing you make everyone happy.
I don't think I ever want to see you making any one else happy. That may be hypocritical but I can't help it.
You never have to worry about that. You're the only one for me.
Mwah!
Mmm, she's not getting away with just a peck this time.
Mmm.. [mcf]...
I wonder if she's okay going further than this right now..
Baby, baby.
I don't want to get you all worked up. I don't think I can do anything right now.
Why? Is everything okay?
Everything is great. In fact too good. I'm still a bit numb and sore from earlier...
I didn't hurt you did I?
No baby. It was very, very good. I wouldn't change a thing about it.
It was just a lot for my first time and my body is letting me know about it.
It's not a pain or anything, I just don't know if I could handle anymore tonight.
I'm sorry babe. That's fine. We don't have to do anything.
You could ask Shauna...
No.. Not tonight. I just want to snuggle up with you two and go to sleep.
Tomorrow, if you're feeling better. We should definitely give it another go.
Absolutely... I wish we could now.. It's just.
I know babe. It's okay. You've given me more than I could have ever asked for today.
I am pretty awesome huh?
Yes you fucking are.
Am I missing out on a moment?
Only a little bit, just talking about how awesome [g1] is.
Oh I could talk about that for hours.
You girls about ready for bed?
Yes, I'm very sleepy and I'm excited for tomorrow.
Same here.
I'm going to go tell [am] goodnight then we can lay down, okay?
She's on her way up here. I ran into her in the hallway and she told me that.
Oh, well then that works.
Knock, knock
Is it safe??
It's safe mom, Come in!
How did everything go? No hurt feelings?
Nope, everyone is happy.
That's amazing you guys. I'm happy for you.
My two girlfriends and the best mom in the world. I've been blessed with the best three girls to ever exist.
And we've been blessed with the greatest man to ever exist.
What she said. There's no one better.
I view you three as my kids now. I couldn't ask for anything better.
Let me stand up and give my mom a hug goodnight.
Sure baby.
I raised a little chick magnet huh?
It seems that way. Guess that's what happens when you're raised by a chick herself.
Was that meant to be a compliment?
Ha, yes. Sounded better in my head.
You on your way to bed?
Mhmmm. Is it okay if I sleep in the room next to this one? I'd feel safer being close to you.
You can sleep with us if you want to.
I don't want to get in the way of anything.
Nothing is happening tonight mom.
Still, I'll be fine in the room nextdoor.
If you say so. Just come get me if you need anything.
I will honey.
Mwah!
I love your hugs sweetie. They're so tight
I love you mom.
I love you too honey. Sleep well tonight.
You too. Do I need to wake you up again?
Yes please.
All right, I'll see you bright and early then.
Man, is Shauna asleep?
I can't have that. Not yet.
Shauna... We never got to wrestle earlier. If you don't get up... We're going to have to.
Aah! I'm up, I'm up!
Are you sure?
Yes! I'm sure. See? Eyes wide open.
What do you think [g1]? Was she trying to fall asleep on us?
Yes, but she's one of us now. So go easy on her.
You heard her Shauna... Are you ready?
No, no, no...
Mwah!
Ohhh... I thought you were going to tickle me or something. I like that.
Nah, you're my girl now. Means a lot of kisses.
I'm happy with that.
I am really tired though. Can we go to sleep?
Yes, we can. First I have to use the bathroom. [g1], can you keep her awake for me?
I sure can.
Great. I'll be right back.
Phew, I've been holding this in for hours...
*Loud moaning coming from the other room*
What the hell? That's the room Liz is staying in. She's not masturbating again is she? I thought she was watching a show with Stacy.
After what we did together. It wouldn't hurt to have a little peak would it?
Ohhh... [mcf].. Split me open with that big..
Ahh.. Put it deep, Cum in me this time...
*Clears throat*
Ahh!! [mcf] what the fuck??
You ever hear of knocking before??
I don't mean to spy Liz. I could hear you moaning from the kitchen.
Oh.. How much did you hear?
Uhh.. Enough. It's actually the second time today I've caught you.
What? What two times?
Its been more than two?
It's been like.. 11.
11? Damn Liz.. Is that why you didn't go to school all day?
Yes...
What's gotten you so worked up?
What we did yesterday.. And seeing you with [g1]. I know you saw me in the closet.
That made you masturbate 11 times today?
Yeah.. I don't know why. I just can't think about much else.
You could stay with me for a little while...
I'm sorry Liz. I don't have time tonight. But I'll tell you.
Keep doing what you're doing. Get close with [g1]. Things might can change then.
What do you mean?
You're just going to have to trust me on this one.
Okay... I do.
I have to get back upstairs. I'll see you in the morning okay? No skipping class tomorrow.
Yes sir. Goodnight [mcf].
Goodnight liz
I really shouldn't peak in on her again.
Just a quick piss then it's time for bed.
One piss later
Oh, good. [g1] managed to keep Shauna awake.
Sadly she didn't notice me come in. That means I have to do something.
Shauna did mention that she wanted to see me slap [g1] on the butt. It works with me.
Oh, Shauna sees me but isn't giving me away. I think she knows I'm about to do something.
Sorry [g1]. I won't spank you too hard.
Smack!
Haha!
